A Full and Complete Reckoning of Uncommon, Mythical, and Monstrous Creatures

Animal: AARDBIRD 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the aardvark and the lyrebird.  
Description: The aardbird is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown komodo dragon. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty meerkat and can be found around sour smelling trundle beds. 

Animal: AARDKEY 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the aardvark and the donkey.  
Description: The aardkey is more massive than five shrew. It regularly feeds on pheasant and is known to frequent grim moss patties. 

Animal: AARDMON 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the aardvark and the salmon.  
Description: The aardmon is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature squid. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty tapir and is likely to be found alongside dank rivers. 

Animal: AARDONFLY 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the aardvark and the dragonfly.  
Description: The aardonfly is sometimes found towering over even the tallest gnu. It can be far more intimidating than an elder pig and lives by lime scented shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: AARDRIDGE 
Origin: A mashup between the aardvark and the partridge.  
Description: The aardridge is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent squid. It lives on the waste of the crocodile and can be found around vast and favorable underwater bunkers. 

Animal: AARDRUS 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the aardvark and the walrus.  
Description: The aardrus is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown turkey. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty stork and breeds in dank shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: AARDSP 
Origin: A hybrid of the aardvark and the wasp.  
Description: The aardsp is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature ant. It can be far more intimidating than an elder quail and is known to frequent damp shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: AARDTURE 
Origin: A marriage between the aardvark and the vulture.  
Description: The aardture is is over all squishier than the male tapir. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty grasshopper and can only survive in the proximity of vast and favorable oceans. 

Animal: ALBACEROS 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the albatross and the rhinoceros.  
Description: The albaceros is bigger than your average barracuda. It can make a sound like a mole and breeds in windblown trundle beds. 

Animal: ALBAIBOU 
Origin: A mashup between the albatross and the caribou.  
Description: The albaibou is similar in size to the mouse. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the dolphin and is likely to be found alongside salty rivers. 

Animal: ALBAPIE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the albatross and the magpie.  
Description: The albapie is fifty times larger than the standard magpie. It can swallow a whole fly and will only thrive in grim holes in the ground. 

Animal: ALBASH 
Origin: A marriage between the albatross and the fish.  
Description: The albash is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent grasshopper. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single octopus and will only thrive in gross but not altogether repulsive bogs. 

Animal: ALBATEN 
Origin: A mashup between the albatross and the marten.  
Description: The albaten is bigger than your average goose. It can make a sound like a rhinoceros and will only thrive in vast and favorable riverbeds. 

Animal: ALBAUSE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the albatross and the louse.  
Description: The albause is much smaller than an average quail. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of monkey and will only thrive in stinky rivers. 

Animal: ALBAVARK 
Origin: A mashup between the albatross and the aardvark.  
Description: The albavark is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature sardine. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of llama and breeds in freezing holes in the ground. 

Animal: ALLIANZEE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the alligator and the chimpanzee.  
Description: The allianzee is smaller than a typical giant panda. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty wombat and is capable of spending its entire life by cold seashores. 

Animal: ALLIBIL 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the alligator and the gerbil.  
Description: The allibil is bigger than your average oyster. It regularly feeds on dogfish and is known to frequent freezing trundle beds. 

Animal: ALLIERINE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the alligator and the wolverine.  
Description: The allierine is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown dinosaur. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the lemur and can be found around fluorescent underwater bunkers. 

Animal: ALLIKBUG 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the alligator and the stinkbug.  
Description: The allikbug is much smaller than an average octopus. It eats mule and breeds in stinky moss patties. 

Animal: ALLIMUR 
Origin: A hybrid of the alligator and the lemur.  
Description: The allimur is is not quite as big as a baby whale. It can make a sound like a shrew and can be found around humid exotic dungeons. 

Animal: ALLISAUR 
Origin: A marriage between the alligator and the dinosaur.  
Description: The allisaur is much smaller than an average gazelle. It regularly feeds on elk and breeds in tepid underground dwellings. 

Animal: ALLISSUM 
Origin: A marriage between the alligator and the opossum.  
Description: The allissum is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of hummingbird. It regularly feeds on donkey and will only thrive in cold crypts. 

Animal: ALLITLE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the alligator and the cattle.  
Description: The allitle is smaller than a typical cobra. It lives on the waste of the pigeon and will only thrive in grim underground dwellings. 

Animal: ALLITURE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the alligator and the vulture.  
Description: The alliture is bigger than your average dinosaur. It can swallow a whole duck and is likely to be found alongside gross but not altogether repulsive seashores. 

Animal: ALLIUID 
Origin: A mashup between the alligator and the squid.  
Description: The alliuid is fifty times larger than the standard emu. It finds solace in the den of the water buffalo and can only survive in the proximity of vast and favorable seashores. 

Animal: ALLIUID 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the alligator and the squid.  
Description: The alliuid is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown peafowl. It lives on the waste of the salamander and is likely to be found alongside salty underground dwellings. 

Animal: ALPETAH 
Origin: A marriage between the alpaca and the cheetah.  
Description: The alpetah is fifty times larger than the standard loris. It regularly feeds on trout and can be found around grim seashores. 

Animal: ALPRET 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the alpaca and the ferret.  
Description: The alpret is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of oryx. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty porpoise and lives by lime scented underground dwellings. 

Animal: ANTAB 
Origin: A marriage between the ant and the crab.  
Description: The antab is smaller than a typical slow loris. It eats tiger and is known to frequent tepid moss patties. 

Animal: ANTAR 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the ant and the boar.  
Description: The antar is is not quite as big as a baby porcupine. It eats sea urchin and is likely to be found alongside vast and favorable moss patties. 

Animal: ANTATER 
Origin: A mashup between the ant and the anteater.  
Description: The antater is much smaller than an average emu. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the grasshopper and can only survive in the proximity of humid moss patties. 

Animal: ANTBUFFALO 
Origin: A mashup between the ant and the water buffalo.  
Description: The antbuffalo is bigger than your average crow. It is a parasite of the monkey and is likely to be found alongside freezing trundle beds. 

Animal: ANTDEER 
Origin: A mashup between the ant and the reindeer.  
Description: The antdeer is sometimes found towering over even the tallest frog. It finds solace in the den of the baboon and will only thrive in vast and favorable trundle beds. 

Animal: ANTDOLLAR 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the ant and the sand dollar.  
Description: The antdollar is fifty times larger than the standard yak. It eats wren and is likely to be found alongside tepid creeks. 

Animal: ANTDU 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the ant and the kudu.  
Description: The antdu is similar in size to the crow. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty ant and lives by gross but not altogether repulsive rivers. 

Animal: ANTE BLUE 
Origin: A hybrid of the anteater and the jay, blue.  
Description: The ante blue is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent rook. It eats weasel and will find a home in and around vast and favorable underground dwellings. 

Animal: ANTEAN 
Origin: A mashup between the antelope and the swan.  
Description: The antean is more massive than five jackal. It can swallow a whole sea lion and can only survive in the proximity of humid rivers. 

Animal: ANTEANDER 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the antelope and the salamander.  
Description: The anteander is fifty times larger than the standard sand dollar. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of red panda and is known to frequent whimsical holes in the ground. 

Animal: ANTEANE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the antelope and the crane.  
Description: The anteane is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature reindeer. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the fish and is capable of spending its entire life by grim creeks. 

Animal: ANTEAR 
Origin: A marriage between the antelope and the bear.  
Description: The antear is is not quite as big as a baby stork. It is a parasite of the whale and breeds in vast and favorable trundle beds. 

Animal: ANTEAR 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the anteater and the bear.  
Description: The antear is much smaller than an average octopus. It finds solace in the den of the wolf and is known to frequent grim rivers. 

Animal: ANTEARK 
Origin: A hybrid of the antelope and the shark.  
Description: The anteark is smaller than a typical louse. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of sheep and can be found around fluorescent seashores. 

Animal: ANTEBIT 
Origin: A mashup between the anteater and the rabbit.  
Description: The antebit is bigger than your average porpoise. It regularly feeds on crane and will find a home in and around windblown underwater bunkers. 

Animal: ANTEDILLO 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the antelope and the armadillo.  
Description: The antedillo is similar in size to the wombat. It can swallow a whole lark and breeds in tepid bogs. 

Animal: ANTEEP 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the ant and the sheep.  
Description: The anteep is is not quite as big as a baby hummingbird. It eats walrus and breeds in grim crypts. 

Animal: ANTEGER 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the antelope and the tiger.  
Description: The anteger is much smaller than an average alpaca. It regularly feeds on hamster and is known to frequent salty exotic dungeons. 

Animal: ANTEODILE 
Origin: A hybrid of the anteater and the crocodile.  
Description: The anteodile is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of partridge. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the ferret and can only survive in the proximity of cold underwater bunkers. 

Animal: ANTEOSE 
Origin: A mashup between the anteater and the moose.  
Description: The anteose is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown jellyfish. It eats hummingbird and is capable of spending its entire life by sour smelling oceans. 

Animal: ANTEOW 
Origin: A marriage between the antelope and the crow.  
Description: The anteow is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent sandpiper. It eats starling and is known to frequent dank exotic dungeons. 

Animal: ANTERAM 
Origin: A mashup between the antelope and the ram.  
Description: The anteram is is not quite as big as a baby seal. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of caribou and can be found around grim bogs. 

Animal: ANTERK 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the anteater and the lark.  
Description: The anterk is sometimes found towering over even the tallest fox. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of human and will only thrive in fluorescent oceans. 

Animal: ANTESANT 
Origin: A hybrid of the anteater and the pheasant.  
Description: The antesant is similar in size to the shark. It can swallow a whole llama and is known to frequent grim riverbeds. 

Animal: ANTEUSE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the antelope and the mouse.  
Description: The anteuse is is over all squishier than the male crow. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of walrus and is known to frequent salty shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: ANTEYX 
Origin: A hybrid of the antelope and the oryx.  
Description: The anteyx is bigger than your average clam. It can make a sound like a rat and is capable of spending its entire life by salty underground dwellings. 

Animal: ANTKEY 
Origin: A marriage between the ant and the turkey.  
Description: The antkey is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown alligator. It can be far more intimidating than an elder antelope and is known to frequent grim oceans. 

Animal: ANTORK 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the ant and the stork.  
Description: The antork is smaller than a typical porcupine. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of grouse and breeds in windblown rivers. 

Animal: ANTOW 
Origin: A marriage between the ant and the crow.  
Description: The antow is is not quite as big as a baby bear. It is a parasite of the seal and lives by salty bogs. 

Animal: ANTOW 
Origin: A marriage between the ant and the crow.  
Description: The antow is similar in size to the bear. It can swallow a whole walrus and is likely to be found alongside vast and favorable crypts. 

Animal: ANTPION 
Origin: A marriage between the ant and the scorpion.  
Description: The antpion is fifty times larger than the standard cattle. It lives on the waste of the ox and is likely to be found alongside fluorescent seashores. 

Animal: ANTRET 
Origin: A marriage between the ant and the ferret.  
Description: The antret is more massive than five termite. It can swallow a whole lyrebird and will only thrive in murky underground dwellings. 

Animal: ANTREW 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the ant and the shrew.  
Description: The antrew is smaller than a typical swallow. It is a parasite of the gerbil and lives by gross but not altogether repulsive bogs. 

Animal: ANTSH 
Origin: A mashup between the ant and the fish.  
Description: The antsh is much smaller than an average lion. It can make a sound like a antelope and will find a home in and around freezing creeks. 

Animal: APEAR 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the ape and the boar.  
Description: The apear is more massive than five cobra. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single hornet and is known to frequent humid underwater bunkers. 

Animal: APERCHIN 
Origin: A mashup between the ape and the sea urchin.  
Description: The aperchin is more massive than five moose. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty locust and will find a home in and around salty bogs. 

Animal: APETROSS 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the ape and the albatross.  
Description: The apetross is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature marten. It can be far more intimidating than an elder buffalo and breeds in windblown moss patties. 

Animal: APEVEN 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the ape and the raven.  
Description: The apeven is bigger than your average dragonfly. It eats swan and is known to frequent damp shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: ARMAA FOWL 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the armadillo and the guinea fowl.  
Description: The armaa fowl is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown turtle. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of monkey and will find a home in and around vast and favorable creeks. 

Animal: ARMAASS 
Origin: A marriage between the armadillo and the ass.  
Description: The armaass is similar in size to the zebra. It finds solace in the den of the jay and is likely to be found alongside murky bogs. 

Animal: ARMADOLLAR 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the armadillo and the sand dollar.  
Description: The armadollar is fifty times larger than the standard wren. It can swallow a whole wasp and is likely to be found alongside gross but not altogether repulsive holes in the ground. 

Animal: ARMAKEY 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the armadillo and the monkey.  
Description: The armakey is similar in size to the turkey. It eats otter and is capable of spending its entire life by whimsical underground dwellings. 

Animal: ARMAOX 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the armadillo and the ox.  
Description: The armaox is sometimes found towering over even the tallest caribou. It finds solace in the den of the quail and is known to frequent stinky riverbeds. 

Animal: ARMARICH 
Origin: A mashup between the armadillo and the ostrich.  
Description: The armarich is is not quite as big as a baby elephant. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of lion and is likely to be found alongside grim seashores. 

Animal: ARMASAUR 
Origin: A mashup between the armadillo and the dinosaur.  
Description: The armasaur is fifty times larger than the standard flamingo. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of stinkbug and lives by tepid rivers. 

Animal: ARMAWHAL 
Origin: A hybrid of the armadillo and the narwhal.  
Description: The armawhal is sometimes found towering over even the tallest leopard. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of emu and breeds in humid trundle beds. 

Animal: ASSAIL 
Origin: A mashup between the ass and the snail.  
Description: The assail is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown goldfinch. It can swallow a whole mink and is likely to be found alongside vast and favorable creeks. 

Animal: ASSDINE 
Origin: A mashup between the ass and the sardine.  
Description: The assdine is much smaller than an average octopus. It can be far more intimidating than an elder clam and will only thrive in humid shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: ASSGATOR 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the ass and the alligator.  
Description: The assgator is bigger than your average vulture. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty clam and will find a home in and around humid moss patties. 

Animal: ASSGER 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the ass and the badger.  
Description: The assger is sometimes found towering over even the tallest nightingale. It is a parasite of the walrus and will find a home in and around salty holes in the ground. 

Animal: ASSINGALE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the ass and the nightingale.  
Description: The assingale is is not quite as big as a baby elephant. It finds solace in the den of the cat and lives by murky rivers. 

Animal: ASSKEY 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the ass and the monkey.  
Description: The asskey is fifty times larger than the standard cormorant. It is a parasite of the monkey and breeds in windblown trundle beds. 

Animal: ASSRUS 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the ass and the walrus.  
Description: The assrus is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of fox. It can make a sound like a lark and is known to frequent whimsical seashores. 

Animal: ASSTEN 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the ass and the marten.  
Description: The assten is is over all squishier than the male reindeer. It regularly feeds on cat and will only thrive in salty bogs. 

Animal: ASSYX 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the ass and the oryx.  
Description: The assyx is more massive than five aardvark. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty rat and breeds in salty seashores. 

Animal: BABACUDA 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the baboon and the barracuda.  
Description: The babacuda is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown yak. It can be far more intimidating than an elder reindeer and is likely to be found alongside damp creeks. 

Animal: BABATEE 
Origin: A mashup between the baboon and the manatee.  
Description: The babatee is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown goat. It eats flamingo and is known to frequent grim exotic dungeons. 

Animal: BABDILLO 
Origin: A marriage between the baboon and the armadillo.  
Description: The babdillo is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature termite. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the prairie dog and can only survive in the proximity of fluorescent moss patties. 

Animal: BABLABY 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the baboon and the wallaby.  
Description: The bablaby is smaller than a typical elephant seal. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of woodpecker and can only survive in the proximity of lime scented holes in the ground. 

Animal: BABLORIS 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the baboon and the slow loris.  
Description: The babloris is similar in size to the albatross. It is a parasite of the stinkbug and is likely to be found alongside gross but not altogether repulsive riverbeds. 

Animal: BABNY 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the baboon and the pony.  
Description: The babny is smaller than a typical rat. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty donkey and is known to frequent whimsical oceans. 

Animal: BABPIG 
Origin: A hybrid of the baboon and the pig.  
Description: The babpig is similar in size to the heron. It can swallow a whole donkey and is known to frequent dank bogs. 

Animal: BABPILLAR 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the baboon and the caterpillar.  
Description: The babpillar is bigger than your average cheetah. It finds solace in the den of the beaver and breeds in tepid moss patties. 

Animal: BABUITO 
Origin: A mashup between the baboon and the mosquito.  
Description: The babuito is similar in size to the penguin. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of locust and lives by freezing rivers. 

Animal: BADAL 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the badger and the seal.  
Description: The badal is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown leopard. It is a parasite of the llama and lives by freezing underground dwellings. 

Animal: BADAT 
Origin: A marriage between the badger and the goat.  
Description: The badat is sometimes found towering over even the tallest red deer. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of woodpecker and is capable of spending its entire life by stinky holes in the ground. 

Animal: BADMITE 
Origin: A mashup between the badger and the termite.  
Description: The badmite is much smaller than an average eagle. It finds solace in the den of the cockroach and will find a home in and around windblown trundle beds. 

Animal: BADORK 
Origin: A marriage between the badger and the stork.  
Description: The badork is is not quite as big as a baby caterpillar. It can swallow a whole heron and can be found around whimsical creeks. 

Animal: BADVEN 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the badger and the raven.  
Description: The badven is is over all squishier than the male ape. It can swallow a whole gazelle and is likely to be found alongside vast and favorable trundle beds. 

Animal: BARRAN 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the barracuda and the swan.  
Description: The barran is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent goat. It eats hamster and is known to frequent murky creeks. 

Animal: BARRANDER 
Origin: A marriage between the barracuda and the salamander.  
Description: The barrander is is not quite as big as a baby buffalo. It lives on the waste of the kudu and breeds in damp shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: BARRANZEE 
Origin: A marriage between the barracuda and the chimpanzee.  
Description: The barranzee is bigger than your average mouse. It can be far more intimidating than an elder giant panda and will find a home in and around gross but not altogether repulsive shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: BARRBEE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the barracuda and the bee.  
Description: The barrbee is bigger than your average grouse. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of emu and can be found around fluorescent underground dwellings. 

Animal: BARRCEROS 
Origin: A marriage between the barracuda and the rhinoceros.  
Description: The barrceros is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of lemur. It can be far more intimidating than an elder opossum and will only thrive in humid creeks. 

Animal: BARRFOWL 
Origin: A marriage between the barracuda and the peafowl.  
Description: The barrfowl is much smaller than an average stingray. It can make a sound like a ape and lives by lime scented oceans. 

Animal: BARRILLA 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the barracuda and the gorilla.  
Description: The barrilla is bigger than your average tiger. It can make a sound like a turkey and will find a home in and around grim riverbeds. 

Animal: BARRLABY 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the barracuda and the wallaby.  
Description: The barrlaby is much smaller than an average lyrebird. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty peafowl and can be found around sour smelling riverbeds. 

Animal: BARRRUS 
Origin: A hybrid of the barracuda and the walrus.  
Description: The barrrus is is over all squishier than the male narwhal. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the dog and will find a home in and around fluorescent rivers. 

Animal: BARRSAUR 
Origin: A marriage between the barracuda and the dinosaur.  
Description: The barrsaur is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown cattle. It can make a sound like a jellyfish and will find a home in and around fluorescent bogs. 

Animal: BARRTEN 
Origin: A mashup between the barracuda and the marten.  
Description: The barrten is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature otter. It lives on the waste of the herring and is known to frequent grim underground dwellings. 

Animal: BATER 
Origin: A hybrid of the bat and the deer.  
Description: The bater is similar in size to the elk. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the opossum and is capable of spending its entire life by humid exotic dungeons. 

Animal: BATFISH 
Origin: A marriage between the bat and the dogfish.  
Description: The batfish is sometimes found towering over even the tallest tiger. It can make a sound like a raven and can only survive in the proximity of murky seashores. 

Animal: BATGUIN 
Origin: A hybrid of the bat and the penguin.  
Description: The batguin is smaller than a typical alpaca. It is a parasite of the gorilla and is capable of spending its entire life by lime scented trundle beds. 

Animal: BATLION 
Origin: A marriage between the bat and the sea lion.  
Description: The batlion is fifty times larger than the standard locust. It can swallow a whole octopus and can be found around cold trundle beds. 

Animal: BATLL 
Origin: A marriage between the bat and the gull.  
Description: The batll is more massive than five spider. It can be far more intimidating than an elder toad and is capable of spending its entire life by stinky holes in the ground. 

Animal: BATLLOW 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the bat and the swallow.  
Description: The batllow is more massive than five loris. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the tapir and is likely to be found alongside dank underwater bunkers. 

Animal: BEAAN 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the beaver and the swan.  
Description: The beaan is similar in size to the salmon. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the cormorant and will only thrive in gross but not altogether repulsive bogs. 

Animal: BEAANDER 
Origin: A marriage between the beaver and the salamander.  
Description: The beaander is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature mouse. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of crow and will find a home in and around stinky riverbeds. 

Animal: BEAAR 
Origin: A hybrid of the beaver and the boar.  
Description: The beaar is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature dog. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty barracuda and breeds in humid underground dwellings. 

Animal: BEAFLY 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the beaver and the fly.  
Description: The beafly is is not quite as big as a baby toad. It regularly feeds on deer and can be found around vast and favorable bogs. 

Animal: BEALA 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the bear and the koala.  
Description: The beala is more massive than five wolverine. It finds solace in the den of the snail and will find a home in and around damp holes in the ground. 

Animal: BEALE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the bear and the whale.  
Description: The beale is is over all squishier than the male crocodile. It can make a sound like a meerkat and is capable of spending its entire life by grim seashores. 

Animal: BEAMAN 
Origin: A mashup between the beaver and the human.  
Description: The beaman is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature leopard. It can make a sound like a spider and is likely to be found alongside murky riverbeds. 

Animal: BEAORANT 
Origin: A hybrid of the beaver and the cormorant.  
Description: The beaorant is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown ox. It regularly feeds on octopus and is likely to be found alongside humid shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: BEAPARD 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the beaver and the leopard.  
Description: The beapard is fifty times larger than the standard kangaroo. It eats armadillo and will find a home in and around freezing underwater bunkers. 

Animal: BEASSUM 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the beaver and the opossum.  
Description: The beassum is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown chicken. It can swallow a whole meerkat and is capable of spending its entire life by murky seashores. 

Animal: BECOD 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the bear and the cod.  
Description: The becod is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of gull. It is a parasite of the frog and is known to frequent lime scented underground dwellings. 

Animal: BEEAN 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the bee and the swan.  
Description: The beean is bigger than your average opossum. It finds solace in the den of the gnat and can only survive in the proximity of murky underground dwellings. 

Animal: BEEEEP 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the bee and the sheep.  
Description: The beeeep is sometimes found towering over even the tallest eagle. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single ox and will find a home in and around cold creeks. 

Animal: BEEELK 
Origin: A marriage between the bee and the elk.  
Description: The beeelk is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent tiger. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of eel and will find a home in and around cold oceans. 

Animal: BEEFALO 
Origin: A marriage between the bee and the buffalo.  
Description: The beefalo is much smaller than an average eagle. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty chicken and will only thrive in vast and favorable shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: BEEIE DOG 
Origin: A hybrid of the bee and the prairie dog.  
Description: The beeie dog is is over all squishier than the male cobra. It can swallow a whole gull and will only thrive in gross but not altogether repulsive seashores. 

Animal: BEENGBIRD 
Origin: A hybrid of the bee and the hummingbird.  
Description: The beengbird is bigger than your average whale. It can make a sound like a pony and breeds in dank trundle beds. 

Animal: BEEPIG 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the bee and the pig.  
Description: The beepig is fifty times larger than the standard herring. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of butterfly and is likely to be found alongside lime scented crypts. 

Animal: BEEYAK 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the bee and the yak.  
Description: The beeyak is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown pelican. It lives on the waste of the bee and lives by gross but not altogether repulsive holes in the ground. 

Animal: BEICAN 
Origin: A mashup between the bear and the pelican.  
Description: The beican is similar in size to the finch. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of dove and breeds in vast and favorable seashores. 

Animal: BEOSE 
Origin: A mashup between the bear and the moose.  
Description: The beose is much smaller than an average owl. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of ox and lives by tepid shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: BERICH 
Origin: A hybrid of the bear and the ostrich.  
Description: The berich is much smaller than an average whale. It regularly feeds on weasel and will find a home in and around gross but not altogether repulsive trundle beds. 

Animal: BERIS 
Origin: A mashup between the bear and the loris.  
Description: The beris is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of pheasant. It lives on the waste of the fly and lives by tepid exotic dungeons. 

Animal: BIALA 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the bison and the koala.  
Description: The biala is more massive than five penguin. It is a parasite of the fly and lives by dank shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: BIHILLA 
Origin: A hybrid of the bison and the chinchilla.  
Description: The bihilla is more massive than five red panda. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of buffalo and lives by murky seashores. 

Animal: BIIBOU 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the bison and the caribou.  
Description: The biibou is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of gorilla. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of raccoon and can only survive in the proximity of murky trundle beds. 

Animal: BIRAT 
Origin: A marriage between the bison and the rat.  
Description: The birat is more massive than five jaguar. It regularly feeds on koala and will only thrive in windblown underground dwellings. 

Animal: BISANT 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the bison and the pheasant.  
Description: The bisant is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of okapi. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the stinkbug and can only survive in the proximity of fluorescent rivers. 

Animal: BITER 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the bison and the oyster.  
Description: The biter is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown caribou. It can make a sound like a tiger and can only survive in the proximity of gross but not altogether repulsive riverbeds. 

Animal: BIYAK 
Origin: A hybrid of the bison and the yak.  
Description: The biyak is much smaller than an average donkey. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the vulture and will only thrive in dank underwater bunkers. 

Animal: BOAB 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the boar and the crab.  
Description: The boab is smaller than a typical hawk. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single rabbit and is known to frequent whimsical oceans. 

Animal: BOAIL 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the boar and the quail.  
Description: The boail is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown jay. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty giant panda and breeds in grim oceans. 

Animal: BOANDER 
Origin: A marriage between the boar and the salamander.  
Description: The boander is fifty times larger than the standard pig. It can make a sound like a hawk and will only thrive in stinky trundle beds. 

Animal: BOBRA 
Origin: A hybrid of the boar and the cobra.  
Description: The bobra is much smaller than an average opossum. It eats gazelle and is known to frequent dank trundle beds. 

Animal: BOEN 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the boar and the wren.  
Description: The boen is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent dinosaur. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the reindeer and can only survive in the proximity of murky seashores. 

Animal: BOWK 
Origin: A marriage between the boar and the hawk.  
Description: The bowk is similar in size to the hornet. It lives on the waste of the parrot and is known to frequent stinky exotic dungeons. 

Animal: BUFDER 
Origin: A hybrid of the buffalo and the spider.  
Description: The bufder is fifty times larger than the standard frog. It lives on the waste of the cheetah and is known to frequent tepid crypts. 

Animal: BUFDER 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the buffalo and the spider.  
Description: The bufder is fifty times larger than the standard caterpillar. It can be far more intimidating than an elder goldfinch and is likely to be found alongside whimsical oceans. 

Animal: BUFEEP 
Origin: A mashup between the buffalo and the sheep.  
Description: The bufeep is is not quite as big as a baby zebra. It can swallow a whole salamander and can only survive in the proximity of freezing moss patties. 

Animal: BUFGATOR 
Origin: A mashup between the buffalo and the alligator.  
Description: The bufgator is is over all squishier than the male duck. It finds solace in the den of the termite and will find a home in and around tepid rivers. 

Animal: BUFGLE 
Origin: A mashup between the buffalo and the eagle.  
Description: The bufgle is sometimes found towering over even the tallest giraffe. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the starling and breeds in fluorescent trundle beds. 

Animal: BUFOTE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the buffalo and the coyote.  
Description: The bufote is smaller than a typical cormorant. It lives on the waste of the cheetah and can only survive in the proximity of stinky riverbeds. 

Animal: BUFRAM 
Origin: A mashup between the buffalo and the ram.  
Description: The bufram is is over all squishier than the male giant panda. It can make a sound like a dolphin and can only survive in the proximity of damp rivers. 

Animal: BUFUAR 
Origin: A hybrid of the buffalo and the jaguar.  
Description: The bufuar is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature llama. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of quail and lives by gross but not altogether repulsive bogs. 

Animal: BUTTACUDA 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the butterfly and the barracuda.  
Description: The buttacuda is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature stinkbug. It can make a sound like a alpaca and will find a home in and around vast and favorable oceans. 

Animal: BUTTAFFE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the butterfly and the giraffe.  
Description: The buttaffe is bigger than your average jellyfish. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of oyster and can be found around sour smelling underground dwellings. 

Animal: BUTTASS 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the butterfly and the ass.  
Description: The buttass is more massive than five kangaroo. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of slow loris and will only thrive in whimsical bogs. 

Animal: BUTTIBOU 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the butterfly and the caribou.  
Description: The buttibou is is not quite as big as a baby dove. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of dogfish and will only thrive in freezing exotic dungeons. 

Animal: BUTTPIE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the butterfly and the magpie.  
Description: The buttpie is similar in size to the pony. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty buffalo and is likely to be found alongside dank rivers. 

Animal: BUTTRM 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the butterfly and the worm.  
Description: The buttrm is is not quite as big as a baby cod. It can swallow a whole oyster and is capable of spending its entire life by stinky trundle beds. 

Animal: BUTTRREL 
Origin: A hybrid of the butterfly and the squirrel.  
Description: The buttrrel is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown goose. It can swallow a whole duck and breeds in damp rivers. 

Animal: CA BLUE 
Origin: A hybrid of the camel and the jay, blue.  
Description: The ca blue is fifty times larger than the standard mole. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the swan and breeds in humid trundle beds. 

Animal: CADINE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the camel and the sardine.  
Description: The cadine is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent shark. It lives on the waste of the falcon and will find a home in and around lime scented seashores. 

Animal: CAFINCH 
Origin: A hybrid of the camel and the goldfinch.  
Description: The cafinch is similar in size to the ape. It can swallow a whole meerkat and is capable of spending its entire life by humid riverbeds. 

Animal: CAIE DOG 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the camel and the prairie dog.  
Description: The caie dog is more massive than five gnu. It regularly feeds on marten and is likely to be found alongside fluorescent moss patties. 

Animal: CAPER 
Origin: A hybrid of the camel and the viper.  
Description: The caper is is not quite as big as a baby ostrich. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of wallaby and can only survive in the proximity of lime scented oceans. 

Animal: CARCHIN 
Origin: A mashup between the camel and the sea urchin.  
Description: The carchin is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature marten. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of eagle and is capable of spending its entire life by damp underground dwellings. 

Animal: CARPER 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the caribou and the viper.  
Description: The carper is fifty times larger than the standard prairie dog. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the hare and will find a home in and around tepid holes in the ground. 

Animal: CARPIR 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the caribou and the tapir.  
Description: The carpir is is not quite as big as a baby yak. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single reindeer and is likely to be found alongside windblown rivers. 

Animal: CARROACH 
Origin: A mashup between the caribou and the cockroach.  
Description: The carroach is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent armadillo. It is a parasite of the termite and lives by grim creeks. 

Animal: CARSE 
Origin: A hybrid of the camel and the horse.  
Description: The carse is more massive than five stingray. It can swallow a whole water buffalo and can only survive in the proximity of gross but not altogether repulsive shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: CARSP 
Origin: A hybrid of the caribou and the wasp.  
Description: The carsp is much smaller than an average alpaca. It is a parasite of the dinosaur and lives by whimsical underground dwellings. 

Animal: CATA FOWL 
Origin: A marriage between the cattle and the guinea fowl.  
Description: The cata fowl is is over all squishier than the male ox. It can be far more intimidating than an elder red panda and lives by grim crypts. 

Animal: CATAM 
Origin: A marriage between the cattle and the clam.  
Description: The catam is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown guinea pig. It regularly feeds on llama and is known to frequent damp crypts. 

Animal: CATATER 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the cattle and the anteater.  
Description: The catater is sometimes found towering over even the tallest parrot. It lives on the waste of the prairie dog and breeds in freezing underwater bunkers. 

Animal: CATCOCK 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the cattle and the woodcock.  
Description: The catcock is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown ass. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the trout and is likely to be found alongside gross but not altogether repulsive bogs. 

Animal: CATERACUDA 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the caterpillar and the barracuda.  
Description: The cateracuda is sometimes found towering over even the tallest crane. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of alligator and is likely to be found alongside dank shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: CATERHILLA 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the caterpillar and the chinchilla.  
Description: The caterhilla is more massive than five woodcock. It is a parasite of the bison and breeds in dank moss patties. 

Animal: CATERLF 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the caterpillar and the wolf.  
Description: The caterlf is more massive than five opossum. It can be far more intimidating than an elder herring and will only thrive in grim underground dwellings. 

Animal: CATERTER 
Origin: A hybrid of the caterpillar and the otter.  
Description: The caterter is similar in size to the scorpion. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single barracuda and is likely to be found alongside stinky trundle beds. 

Animal: CATHILLA 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the cat and the chinchilla.  
Description: The cathilla is much smaller than an average eagle. It finds solace in the den of the worm and breeds in dank creeks. 

Animal: CATNGBIRD 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the cattle and the hummingbird.  
Description: The catngbird is fifty times larger than the standard badger. It is a parasite of the chicken and is known to frequent cold moss patties. 

Animal: CATOON 
Origin: A mashup between the cattle and the baboon.  
Description: The catoon is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown partridge. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single mule and can be found around fluorescent shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: CATOTAMUS 
Origin: A marriage between the cattle and the hippopotamus.  
Description: The catotamus is similar in size to the grasshopper. It regularly feeds on hornet and breeds in windblown seashores. 

Animal: CATSON 
Origin: A hybrid of the cat and the bison.  
Description: The catson is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown hedgehog. It is a parasite of the armadillo and is known to frequent sour smelling holes in the ground. 

Animal: CATTLE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the cattle and the cattle.  
Description: The cattle is smaller than a typical trout. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single falcon and will only thrive in tepid seashores. 

Animal: CATUID 
Origin: A marriage between the cattle and the squid.  
Description: The catuid is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown butterfly. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single moose and breeds in freezing creeks. 

Animal: CHE DRAGON 
Origin: A marriage between the cheetah and the komodo dragon.  
Description: The che dragon is fifty times larger than the standard porpoise. It can be far more intimidating than an elder gazelle and breeds in gross but not altogether repulsive underground dwellings. 

Animal: CHEA FOWL 
Origin: A marriage between the cheetah and the guinea fowl.  
Description: The chea fowl is smaller than a typical mole. It can be far more intimidating than an elder tiger and will only thrive in vast and favorable exotic dungeons. 

Animal: CHEAIL 
Origin: A mashup between the cheetah and the snail.  
Description: The cheail is similar in size to the camel. It lives on the waste of the antelope and is likely to be found alongside dank underwater bunkers. 

Animal: CHEAL 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the cheetah and the seal.  
Description: The cheal is much smaller than an average crane. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the hummingbird and is known to frequent stinky crypts. 

Animal: CHEAT 
Origin: A hybrid of the cheetah and the goat.  
Description: The cheat is bigger than your average wallaby. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of peafowl and will find a home in and around freezing creeks. 

Animal: CHEERFLY 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the cheetah and the butterfly.  
Description: The cheerfly is sometimes found towering over even the tallest red deer. It is a parasite of the dolphin and is likely to be found alongside humid crypts. 

Animal: CHEGER 
Origin: A mashup between the cheetah and the badger.  
Description: The cheger is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown red panda. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of seal and will find a home in and around fluorescent underwater bunkers. 

Animal: CHEGER 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the cheetah and the badger.  
Description: The cheger is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of raccoon. It can swallow a whole okapi and will find a home in and around murky underwater bunkers. 

Animal: CHEHOPPER 
Origin: A mashup between the cheetah and the grasshopper.  
Description: The chehopper is more massive than five newt. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty woodpecker and can only survive in the proximity of tepid moss patties. 

Animal: CHEKEY 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the cheetah and the donkey.  
Description: The chekey is bigger than your average antelope. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single yak and is capable of spending its entire life by humid exotic dungeons. 

Animal: CHELING 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the cheetah and the starling.  
Description: The cheling is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown toad. It regularly feeds on leopard and is known to frequent sour smelling rivers. 

Animal: CHESH 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the cheetah and the fish.  
Description: The chesh is smaller than a typical skunk. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the gull and is known to frequent humid holes in the ground. 

Animal: CHIAFFE 
Origin: A hybrid of the chicken and the giraffe.  
Description: The chiaffe is more massive than five guinea fowl. It can be far more intimidating than an elder albatross and is likely to be found alongside salty seashores. 

Animal: CHIECKER 
Origin: A marriage between the chicken and the woodpecker.  
Description: The chiecker is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown oryx. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty bat and is capable of spending its entire life by dank exotic dungeons. 

Animal: CHIGNU 
Origin: A marriage between the chicken and the gnu.  
Description: The chignu is is over all squishier than the male toad. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty albatross and is capable of spending its entire life by salty rivers. 

Animal: CHIMPEEP 
Origin: A mashup between the chimpanzee and the sheep.  
Description: The chimpeep is much smaller than an average starling. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the boar and is known to frequent whimsical rivers. 

Animal: CHIMPKBUG 
Origin: A hybrid of the chimpanzee and the stinkbug.  
Description: The chimpkbug is smaller than a typical jackal. It eats deer and can only survive in the proximity of salty underwater bunkers. 

Animal: CHIMPLORIS 
Origin: A hybrid of the chimpanzee and the slow loris.  
Description: The chimploris is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature cormorant. It finds solace in the den of the porpoise and is likely to be found alongside grim riverbeds. 

Animal: CHIMPOISE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the chimpanzee and the porpoise.  
Description: The chimpoise is fifty times larger than the standard armadillo. It is a parasite of the moose and is known to frequent tepid holes in the ground. 

Animal: CHIMPOISE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the chimpanzee and the porpoise.  
Description: The chimpoise is is not quite as big as a baby sand dollar. It eats bison and is likely to be found alongside cold shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: CHINCKAL 
Origin: A mashup between the chinchilla and the jackal.  
Description: The chinckal is is over all squishier than the male squid. It can be far more intimidating than an elder anteater and can only survive in the proximity of fluorescent shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: CHINCLABY 
Origin: A hybrid of the chinchilla and the wallaby.  
Description: The chinclaby is much smaller than an average frog. It finds solace in the den of the water buffalo and lives by dank seashores. 

Animal: CHINCLOPE 
Origin: A marriage between the chinchilla and the antelope.  
Description: The chinclope is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent boar. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty heron and can be found around whimsical rivers. 

Animal: CHINCRON 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the chinchilla and the heron.  
Description: The chincron is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of elephant seal. It can make a sound like a boar and will find a home in and around humid seashores. 

Animal: CHINCVARK 
Origin: A marriage between the chinchilla and the aardvark.  
Description: The chincvark is is not quite as big as a baby ant. It can make a sound like a gerbil and will find a home in and around whimsical trundle beds. 

Animal: CHIPHIN 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the chicken and the dolphin.  
Description: The chiphin is bigger than your average fox. It can be far more intimidating than an elder rabbit and will only thrive in sour smelling bogs. 

Animal: CLAPE 
Origin: A mashup between the clam and the ape.  
Description: The clape is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown snake. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of mosquito and lives by murky bogs. 

Animal: CLAROO 
Origin: A hybrid of the clam and the kangaroo.  
Description: The claroo is fifty times larger than the standard alligator. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of mosquito and can only survive in the proximity of sour smelling oceans. 

Animal: CLBIL 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the clam and the gerbil.  
Description: The clbil is more massive than five weasel. It eats chimpanzee and lives by cold riverbeds. 

Animal: CLGUIN 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the clam and the penguin.  
Description: The clguin is smaller than a typical jackal. It lives on the waste of the goose and can only survive in the proximity of tepid riverbeds. 

Animal: CLPIR 
Origin: A marriage between the clam and the tapir.  
Description: The clpir is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent cod. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the ostrich and will find a home in and around tepid seashores. 

Animal: CLRUS 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the clam and the walrus.  
Description: The clrus is bigger than your average seal. It eats skunk and is known to frequent windblown holes in the ground. 

Animal: COALE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the cobra and the whale.  
Description: The coale is is over all squishier than the male elk. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of dogfish and is likely to be found alongside dank underground dwellings. 

Animal: COAM 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the cobra and the clam.  
Description: The coam is more massive than five mole. It can swallow a whole vulture and is known to frequent sour smelling riverbeds. 

Animal: COCKAD 
Origin: A mashup between the cockroach and the toad.  
Description: The cockad is much smaller than an average anteater. It can make a sound like a gnat and is capable of spending its entire life by murky underground dwellings. 

Animal: COCKALE 
Origin: A hybrid of the cockroach and the whale.  
Description: The cockale is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of finch. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the bat and will find a home in and around salty crypts. 

Animal: COCKBRA 
Origin: A mashup between the cockroach and the cobra.  
Description: The cockbra is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature hyena. It lives on the waste of the salamander and is likely to be found alongside murky oceans. 

Animal: COCKDU 
Origin: A hybrid of the cockroach and the kudu.  
Description: The cockdu is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature weasel. It is a parasite of the ostrich and will find a home in and around vast and favorable underground dwellings. 

Animal: COCKEEP 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the cockroach and the sheep.  
Description: The cockeep is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of boar. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of grasshopper and will find a home in and around tepid creeks. 

Animal: COCKEN 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the cobra and the chicken.  
Description: The cocken is smaller than a typical shrimp. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the caribou and is likely to be found alongside whimsical seashores. 

Animal: COCKKEY 
Origin: A mashup between the cockroach and the donkey.  
Description: The cockkey is smaller than a typical mule. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty boar and will find a home in and around freezing oceans. 

Animal: COCKREW 
Origin: A marriage between the cockroach and the shrew.  
Description: The cockrew is is not quite as big as a baby boar. It can make a sound like a red panda and is likely to be found alongside lime scented underground dwellings. 

Animal: COCOD 
Origin: A hybrid of the cobra and the cod.  
Description: The cocod is is over all squishier than the male ox. It can make a sound like a gorilla and is known to frequent grim moss patties. 

Animal: CODANE 
Origin: A marriage between the cod and the crane.  
Description: The codane is more massive than five opossum. It regularly feeds on hawk and will find a home in and around vast and favorable crypts. 

Animal: CODLF 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the cod and the wolf.  
Description: The codlf is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown raccoon. It finds solace in the den of the guinea fowl and breeds in grim shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: CODORK 
Origin: A mashup between the cod and the stork.  
Description: The codork is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent oryx. It can swallow a whole lark and lives by stinky holes in the ground. 

Animal: CODPARD 
Origin: A mashup between the cod and the leopard.  
Description: The codpard is smaller than a typical bat. It finds solace in the den of the wren and is likely to be found alongside tepid creeks. 

Animal: CODPHIN 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the cod and the dolphin.  
Description: The codphin is more massive than five moose. It can make a sound like a wolverine and will only thrive in murky holes in the ground. 

Animal: CODTROSS 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the cod and the albatross.  
Description: The codtross is is over all squishier than the male squid. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of goose and breeds in gross but not altogether repulsive crypts. 

Animal: CODWT 
Origin: A hybrid of the cod and the newt.  
Description: The codwt is is over all squishier than the male koala. It can swallow a whole gull and lives by damp seashores. 

Animal: CORMER 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the cormorant and the deer.  
Description: The cormer is similar in size to the owl. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single newt and will only thrive in lime scented underwater bunkers. 

Animal: CORMRING 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the cormorant and the herring.  
Description: The cormring is similar in size to the jackal. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of barracuda and can be found around freezing oceans. 

Animal: COUITO 
Origin: A hybrid of the cobra and the mosquito.  
Description: The couito is smaller than a typical gazelle. It eats termite and can only survive in the proximity of freezing seashores. 

Animal: COYAM 
Origin: A marriage between the coyote and the clam.  
Description: The coyam is is over all squishier than the male jay, blue. It can swallow a whole goldfinch and will only thrive in cold oceans. 

Animal: COYBIT 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the coyote and the rabbit.  
Description: The coybit is similar in size to the walrus. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of cockroach and will only thrive in gross but not altogether repulsive moss patties. 

Animal: COYCEROS 
Origin: A marriage between the coyote and the rhinoceros.  
Description: The coyceros is more massive than five hornet. It finds solace in the den of the rabbit and is capable of spending its entire life by dank crypts. 

Animal: COYCOD 
Origin: A hybrid of the coyote and the cod.  
Description: The coycod is fifty times larger than the standard whale. It can swallow a whole slow loris and can only survive in the proximity of lime scented oceans. 

Animal: COYEEP 
Origin: A hybrid of the coyote and the sheep.  
Description: The coyeep is fifty times larger than the standard octopus. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the antelope and will only thrive in salty creeks. 

Animal: COYINGALE 
Origin: A mashup between the coyote and the nightingale.  
Description: The coyingale is smaller than a typical cormorant. It lives on the waste of the ostrich and is likely to be found alongside stinky riverbeds. 

Animal: COYLE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the coyote and the mole.  
Description: The coyle is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature cattle. It lives on the waste of the crow and can be found around humid underwater bunkers. 

Animal: COYLORIS 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the coyote and the slow loris.  
Description: The coyloris is sometimes found towering over even the tallest dove. It can be far more intimidating than an elder badger and is likely to be found alongside humid underwater bunkers. 

Animal: COYORSE 
Origin: A mashup between the coyote and the seahorse.  
Description: The coyorse is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of coyote. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single guinea pig and can be found around whimsical creeks. 

Animal: COYSP 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the coyote and the wasp.  
Description: The coysp is is over all squishier than the male trout. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single otter and will only thrive in salty riverbeds. 

Animal: CRA FOWL 
Origin: A marriage between the crow and the guinea fowl.  
Description: The cra fowl is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of otter. It can make a sound like a koala and is known to frequent salty riverbeds. 

Animal: CRAL 
Origin: A hybrid of the crane and the seal.  
Description: The cral is is over all squishier than the male alpaca. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the clam and lives by stinky crypts. 

Animal: CRALA 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the crane and the koala.  
Description: The crala is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent kangaroo. It can make a sound like a donkey and is likely to be found alongside whimsical underwater bunkers. 

Animal: CRAPI 
Origin: A marriage between the crab and the okapi.  
Description: The crapi is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown crane. It can make a sound like a mink and lives by windblown underground dwellings. 

Animal: CRARK 
Origin: A hybrid of the crow and the shark.  
Description: The crark is sometimes found towering over even the tallest stork. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty komodo dragon and will find a home in and around lime scented holes in the ground. 

Animal: CRARK 
Origin: A mashup between the crow and the shark.  
Description: The crark is sometimes found towering over even the tallest chicken. It lives on the waste of the human and is capable of spending its entire life by whimsical trundle beds. 

Animal: CRBRA 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the crab and the cobra.  
Description: The crbra is similar in size to the coyote. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single jay and can only survive in the proximity of cold trundle beds. 

Animal: CRCAT 
Origin: A hybrid of the crow and the cat.  
Description: The crcat is much smaller than an average shrew. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the crow and lives by grim exotic dungeons. 

Animal: CRCOON 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the crane and the raccoon.  
Description: The crcoon is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent dove. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty cormorant and is known to frequent dank shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: CREHOG 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the crab and the hedgehog.  
Description: The crehog is is over all squishier than the male crab. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of giant panda and breeds in grim creeks. 

Animal: CRIBOU 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the crow and the caribou.  
Description: The cribou is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent mosquito. It lives on the waste of the gnu and will only thrive in sour smelling exotic dungeons. 

Animal: CRLABY 
Origin: A mashup between the crab and the wallaby.  
Description: The crlaby is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown ox. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty meerkat and is known to frequent cold underground dwellings. 

Animal: CRLARD 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the crane and the mallard.  
Description: The crlard is more massive than five crab. It can make a sound like a swan and is likely to be found alongside lime scented trundle beds. 

Animal: CRLL 
Origin: A mashup between the crow and the gull.  
Description: The crll is more massive than five snake. It finds solace in the den of the chimpanzee and will only thrive in freezing trundle beds. 

Animal: CRLORIS 
Origin: A mashup between the crow and the slow loris.  
Description: The crloris is much smaller than an average jay. It can be far more intimidating than an elder barracuda and breeds in cold trundle beds. 

Animal: CROCETAH 
Origin: A mashup between the crocodile and the cheetah.  
Description: The crocetah is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent spider. It can swallow a whole mule and can only survive in the proximity of cold bogs. 

Animal: CROCFISH 
Origin: A hybrid of the crocodile and the goldfish.  
Description: The crocfish is sometimes found towering over even the tallest cockroach. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the toad and will only thrive in vast and favorable creeks. 

Animal: CROCGUIN 
Origin: A marriage between the crocodile and the penguin.  
Description: The crocguin is bigger than your average woodcock. It finds solace in the den of the camel and lives by damp holes in the ground. 

Animal: CROCHANT 
Origin: A marriage between the crocodile and the elephant.  
Description: The crochant is bigger than your average llama. It eats raccoon and breeds in lime scented seashores. 

Animal: CROCLOPE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the crocodile and the antelope.  
Description: The croclope is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent hare. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty goldfinch and is likely to be found alongside humid oceans. 

Animal: CROCOK 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the crocodile and the rook.  
Description: The crocok is similar in size to the goldfish. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single emu and breeds in freezing shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: CROCOUT 
Origin: A mashup between the crocodile and the trout.  
Description: The crocout is is not quite as big as a baby horse. It eats squid and is capable of spending its entire life by damp seashores. 

Animal: CROCPIE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the crocodile and the magpie.  
Description: The crocpie is much smaller than an average mink. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty herring and is capable of spending its entire life by fluorescent creeks. 

Animal: CROCROT 
Origin: A marriage between the crocodile and the parrot.  
Description: The crocrot is smaller than a typical hyena. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty anteater and can only survive in the proximity of stinky exotic dungeons. 

Animal: CROCRREL 
Origin: A hybrid of the crocodile and the squirrel.  
Description: The crocrrel is much smaller than an average deer. It can make a sound like a salmon and breeds in gross but not altogether repulsive holes in the ground. 

Animal: CROCYFISH 
Origin: A marriage between the crocodile and the jellyfish.  
Description: The crocyfish is fifty times larger than the standard emu. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the coyote and lives by humid underwater bunkers. 

Animal: CROCYX 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the crocodile and the oryx.  
Description: The crocyx is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent narwhal. It is a parasite of the salmon and is likely to be found alongside tepid bogs. 

Animal: CROG 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the crow and the frog.  
Description: The crog is more massive than five bee. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of sandpiper and will only thrive in humid seashores. 

Animal: CROUT 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the crow and the trout.  
Description: The crout is is not quite as big as a baby hummingbird. It can swallow a whole reindeer and is capable of spending its entire life by lime scented moss patties. 

Animal: CROW 
Origin: A marriage between the crab and the crow.  
Description: The crow is much smaller than an average duck. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of duck and is likely to be found alongside murky seashores. 

Animal: CROW 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the crow and the crow.  
Description: The crow is smaller than a typical bat. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of lark and can only survive in the proximity of grim oceans. 

Animal: CRPIR 
Origin: A marriage between the crow and the tapir.  
Description: The crpir is smaller than a typical rat. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the cat and can only survive in the proximity of damp rivers. 

Animal: CRPIR 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the crow and the tapir.  
Description: The crpir is sometimes found towering over even the tallest oryx. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of woodpecker and is likely to be found alongside grim riverbeds. 

Animal: CRRCHIN 
Origin: A mashup between the crow and the sea urchin.  
Description: The crrchin is is over all squishier than the male sardine. It finds solace in the den of the sand dollar and can be found around gross but not altogether repulsive holes in the ground. 

Animal: CRTER 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the crow and the otter.  
Description: The crter is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown elephant seal. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty moose and can only survive in the proximity of grim creeks. 

Animal: CRUAR 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the crow and the jaguar.  
Description: The cruar is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown okapi. It finds solace in the den of the ostrich and lives by vast and favorable shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: CRUSE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the crane and the mouse.  
Description: The cruse is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature buffalo. It eats lyrebird and is known to frequent murky trundle beds. 

Animal: CRWHAL 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the crab and the narwhal.  
Description: The crwhal is smaller than a typical cattle. It eats kangaroo and is capable of spending its entire life by damp seashores. 

Animal: CRWK 
Origin: A hybrid of the crow and the hawk.  
Description: The crwk is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of wasp. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of ostrich and can only survive in the proximity of gross but not altogether repulsive exotic dungeons. 

Animal: CRWT 
Origin: A hybrid of the crab and the newt.  
Description: The crwt is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature toad. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single dogfish and can only survive in the proximity of murky riverbeds. 

Animal: DEANDER 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the deer and the salamander.  
Description: The deander is much smaller than an average pony. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty hornet and can be found around vast and favorable holes in the ground. 

Animal: DEBIL 
Origin: A hybrid of the deer and the gerbil.  
Description: The debil is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of scorpion. It eats mole and is capable of spending its entire life by dank underground dwellings. 

Animal: DENT SEAL 
Origin: A mashup between the deer and the elephant seal.  
Description: The dent seal is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of bat. It lives on the waste of the albatross and can only survive in the proximity of stinky oceans. 

Animal: DEON 
Origin: A mashup between the deer and the lion.  
Description: The deon is fifty times larger than the standard toad. It regularly feeds on emu and can only survive in the proximity of cold creeks. 

Animal: DEORSE 
Origin: A mashup between the deer and the seahorse.  
Description: The deorse is is not quite as big as a baby turkey. It can swallow a whole yak and is capable of spending its entire life by freezing crypts. 

Animal: DEPANDA 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the deer and the red panda.  
Description: The depanda is bigger than your average moose. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty herring and lives by dank underwater bunkers. 

Animal: DEPIE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the deer and the magpie.  
Description: The depie is is not quite as big as a baby deer. It eats caribou and breeds in whimsical creeks. 

Animal: DESAUR 
Origin: A hybrid of the deer and the dinosaur.  
Description: The desaur is is over all squishier than the male guinea pig. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of raccoon and is known to frequent cold trundle beds. 

Animal: DETURE 
Origin: A mashup between the deer and the vulture.  
Description: The deture is similar in size to the red panda. It finds solace in the den of the dinosaur and will find a home in and around salty moss patties. 

Animal: DEYAK 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the deer and the yak.  
Description: The deyak is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature shrimp. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single seal and breeds in windblown bogs. 

Animal: DINODEER 
Origin: A hybrid of the dinosaur and the reindeer.  
Description: The dinodeer is sometimes found towering over even the tallest tiger. It can be far more intimidating than an elder fly and will find a home in and around stinky underwater bunkers. 

Animal: DINOGNU 
Origin: A marriage between the dinosaur and the gnu.  
Description: The dinognu is similar in size to the ape. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the sea urchin and is likely to be found alongside cold creeks. 

Animal: DINOKAL 
Origin: A marriage between the dinosaur and the jackal.  
Description: The dinokal is smaller than a typical marten. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single lark and will only thrive in humid seashores. 

Animal: DINOTLE 
Origin: A marriage between the dinosaur and the cattle.  
Description: The dinotle is bigger than your average guinea fowl. It can be far more intimidating than an elder jay and breeds in damp oceans. 

Animal: DINOUITO 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the dinosaur and the mosquito.  
Description: The dinouito is bigger than your average skunk. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the raccoon and lives by sour smelling exotic dungeons. 

Animal: DOANT 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the dove and the ant.  
Description: The doant is similar in size to the chimpanzee. It is a parasite of the mule and is likely to be found alongside fluorescent underwater bunkers. 

Animal: DOFISH 
Origin: A mashup between the dove and the goldfish.  
Description: The dofish is similar in size to the emu. It can be far more intimidating than an elder locust and is likely to be found alongside gross but not altogether repulsive holes in the ground. 

Animal: DOGA PIG 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the dog and the guinea pig.  
Description: The doga pig is similar in size to the falcon. It eats slow loris and will only thrive in stinky trundle beds. 

Animal: DOGAFFE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the dogfish and the giraffe.  
Description: The dogaffe is is over all squishier than the male reindeer. It can be far more intimidating than an elder crocodile and breeds in grim exotic dungeons. 

Animal: DOGCKEN 
Origin: A hybrid of the dogfish and the chicken.  
Description: The dogcken is is over all squishier than the male snail. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty reindeer and can be found around salty underground dwellings. 

Animal: DOGEN 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the dogfish and the wren.  
Description: The dogen is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature camel. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of dove and is likely to be found alongside freezing underwater bunkers. 

Animal: DOGGRAY 
Origin: A mashup between the dog and the stingray.  
Description: The doggray is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent albatross. It regularly feeds on hummingbird and can only survive in the proximity of lime scented trundle beds. 

Animal: DOGHILLA 
Origin: A marriage between the dog and the chinchilla.  
Description: The doghilla is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown pheasant. It is a parasite of the mule and can only survive in the proximity of windblown riverbeds. 

Animal: DOGHILLA 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the dog and the chinchilla.  
Description: The doghilla is much smaller than an average wallaby. It can swallow a whole falcon and is likely to be found alongside stinky underwater bunkers. 

Animal: DOGLLOW 
Origin: A hybrid of the dogfish and the swallow.  
Description: The dogllow is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent bison. It regularly feeds on raccoon and is known to frequent gross but not altogether repulsive shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: DOGMAN 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the dogfish and the human.  
Description: The dogman is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of goldfinch. It can be far more intimidating than an elder meerkat and is capable of spending its entire life by vast and favorable moss patties. 

Animal: DOGNGBIRD 
Origin: A hybrid of the dog and the hummingbird.  
Description: The dogngbird is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of guinea fowl. It lives on the waste of the frog and can be found around gross but not altogether repulsive crypts. 

Animal: DOGOK 
Origin: A hybrid of the dogfish and the rook.  
Description: The dogok is more massive than five heron. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty eel and will find a home in and around stinky holes in the ground. 

Animal: DOGORK 
Origin: A mashup between the dogfish and the stork.  
Description: The dogork is is not quite as big as a baby fish. It regularly feeds on weasel and lives by whimsical creeks. 

Animal: DOGRICH 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the dogfish and the ostrich.  
Description: The dogrich is smaller than a typical armadillo. It can be far more intimidating than an elder giraffe and breeds in whimsical exotic dungeons. 

Animal: DOGSANT 
Origin: A marriage between the dogfish and the pheasant.  
Description: The dogsant is bigger than your average crow. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the locust and will only thrive in lime scented underground dwellings. 

Animal: DOGUID 
Origin: A mashup between the dog and the squid.  
Description: The doguid is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown frog. It can swallow a whole ass and is known to frequent lime scented exotic dungeons. 

Animal: DOGUITO 
Origin: A marriage between the dogfish and the mosquito.  
Description: The doguito is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown prairie dog. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single turkey and can be found around freezing holes in the ground. 

Animal: DOLAN 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the dolphin and the swan.  
Description: The dolan is sometimes found towering over even the tallest oryx. It can make a sound like a kudu and will find a home in and around freezing creeks. 

Animal: DOLANT 
Origin: A hybrid of the dolphin and the ant.  
Description: The dolant is bigger than your average worm. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of koala and can be found around dank trundle beds. 

Animal: DOLBRA 
Origin: A mashup between the dolphin and the cobra.  
Description: The dolbra is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown skunk. It finds solace in the den of the raven and lives by windblown holes in the ground. 

Animal: DOLCAT 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the dolphin and the cat.  
Description: The dolcat is smaller than a typical fox. It is a parasite of the eagle and will only thrive in cold crypts. 

Animal: DOLER 
Origin: A hybrid of the dolphin and the deer.  
Description: The doler is more massive than five guinea fowl. It can make a sound like a fly and lives by dank moss patties. 

Animal: DOLIE DOG 
Origin: A mashup between the dolphin and the prairie dog.  
Description: The dolie dog is is not quite as big as a baby porpoise. It can be far more intimidating than an elder herring and will find a home in and around fluorescent moss patties. 

Animal: DOLLE 
Origin: A hybrid of the dolphin and the mole.  
Description: The dolle is sometimes found towering over even the tallest dogfish. It is a parasite of the woodpecker and will only thrive in murky creeks. 

Animal: DOLMAN 
Origin: A hybrid of the dolphin and the human.  
Description: The dolman is bigger than your average walrus. It can swallow a whole kudu and can only survive in the proximity of dank rivers. 

Animal: DOLODILE 
Origin: A hybrid of the dolphin and the crocodile.  
Description: The dolodile is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature opossum. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty tiger and can be found around cold underground dwellings. 

Animal: DOLSEL 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the dolphin and the weasel.  
Description: The dolsel is smaller than a typical hedgehog. It finds solace in the den of the lark and will only thrive in stinky trundle beds. 

Animal: DON BLUE 
Origin: A hybrid of the donkey and the jay, blue.  
Description: The don blue is fifty times larger than the standard seal. It eats loris and will find a home in and around windblown holes in the ground. 

Animal: DONALA 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the donkey and the koala.  
Description: The donala is is over all squishier than the male gull. It regularly feeds on swallow and breeds in freezing seashores. 

Animal: DONAN 
Origin: A marriage between the donkey and the swan.  
Description: The donan is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown peafowl. It can make a sound like a caribou and is capable of spending its entire life by freezing oceans. 

Animal: DONBAT 
Origin: A hybrid of the donkey and the wombat.  
Description: The donbat is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of stork. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of pony and lives by windblown oceans. 

Animal: DONBAT 
Origin: A marriage between the donkey and the bat.  
Description: The donbat is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature cormorant. It can swallow a whole hippopotamus and will find a home in and around sour smelling creeks. 

Animal: DONCK 
Origin: A marriage between the donkey and the duck.  
Description: The donck is is over all squishier than the male dove. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of panther and is capable of spending its entire life by windblown bogs. 

Animal: DONCOON 
Origin: A marriage between the donkey and the raccoon.  
Description: The doncoon is smaller than a typical lion. It can swallow a whole manatee and can be found around whimsical moss patties. 

Animal: DONDILLO 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the donkey and the armadillo.  
Description: The dondillo is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent mole. It regularly feeds on human and breeds in salty crypts. 

Animal: DONFISH 
Origin: A marriage between the donkey and the dogfish.  
Description: The donfish is more massive than five termite. It is a parasite of the dinosaur and will only thrive in grim moss patties. 

Animal: DONKEY 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the donkey and the donkey.  
Description: The donkey is similar in size to the heron. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the swan and is known to frequent freezing riverbeds. 

Animal: DONLABY 
Origin: A hybrid of the donkey and the wallaby.  
Description: The donlaby is more massive than five anteater. It can be far more intimidating than an elder hare and is likely to be found alongside humid underground dwellings. 

Animal: DONORSE 
Origin: A hybrid of the donkey and the seahorse.  
Description: The donorse is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of barracuda. It regularly feeds on herring and breeds in grim moss patties. 

Animal: DONOSE 
Origin: A hybrid of the donkey and the moose.  
Description: The donose is bigger than your average turkey. It eats donkey and breeds in cold shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: DONOX 
Origin: A marriage between the donkey and the ox.  
Description: The donox is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of pony. It is a parasite of the giant panda and can only survive in the proximity of damp oceans. 

Animal: DONRAM 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the donkey and the ram.  
Description: The donram is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature moose. It can swallow a whole gazelle and breeds in gross but not altogether repulsive crypts. 

Animal: DONRON 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the donkey and the heron.  
Description: The donron is fifty times larger than the standard beaver. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of tiger and lives by vast and favorable trundle beds. 

Animal: DOPARD 
Origin: A marriage between the dove and the leopard.  
Description: The dopard is is not quite as big as a baby gorilla. It can be far more intimidating than an elder sheep and can be found around murky riverbeds. 

Animal: DOTER 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the dove and the oyster.  
Description: The doter is much smaller than an average viper. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the turkey and is known to frequent tepid riverbeds. 

Animal: DRAG BLUE 
Origin: A mashup between the dragonfly and the jay, blue.  
Description: The drag blue is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown slow loris. It eats aardvark and will find a home in and around gross but not altogether repulsive creeks. 

Animal: DRAGBRA 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the dragonfly and the cobra.  
Description: The dragbra is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of butterfly. It eats gazelle and is likely to be found alongside fluorescent seashores. 

Animal: DRAGCOD 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the dragonfly and the cod.  
Description: The dragcod is more massive than five cheetah. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty snail and can be found around dank oceans. 

Animal: DRAGLARD 
Origin: A hybrid of the dragonfly and the mallard.  
Description: The draglard is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of hippopotamus. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the lemur and can be found around tepid trundle beds. 

Animal: DRAGNK 
Origin: A hybrid of the dragonfly and the mink.  
Description: The dragnk is more massive than five mink. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of penguin and is capable of spending its entire life by freezing shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: DRAGOSE 
Origin: A hybrid of the dragonfly and the moose.  
Description: The dragose is is not quite as big as a baby cod. It finds solace in the den of the jellyfish and lives by grim seashores. 

Animal: DRAGRAM 
Origin: A marriage between the dragonfly and the ram.  
Description: The dragram is smaller than a typical dogfish. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of sardine and is capable of spending its entire life by grim shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: DRAGRING 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the dragonfly and the herring.  
Description: The dragring is sometimes found towering over even the tallest mole. It finds solace in the den of the jaguar and will find a home in and around grim creeks. 

Animal: DUANT 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the duck and the ant.  
Description: The duant is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent panther. It lives on the waste of the bee and can be found around lime scented creeks. 

Animal: DURET 
Origin: A marriage between the duck and the ferret.  
Description: The duret is bigger than your average dog. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty locust and is likely to be found alongside sour smelling moss patties. 

Animal: EAANT 
Origin: A marriage between the eagle and the ant.  
Description: The eaant is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature lemur. It regularly feeds on loris and is known to frequent cold shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: EAAT 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the eagle and the gnat.  
Description: The eaat is is not quite as big as a baby dolphin. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of termite and will only thrive in fluorescent moss patties. 

Animal: EABIL 
Origin: A marriage between the eagle and the gerbil.  
Description: The eabil is is over all squishier than the male meerkat. It can make a sound like a ram and is capable of spending its entire life by lime scented underground dwellings. 

Animal: EAFISH 
Origin: A marriage between the eagle and the dogfish.  
Description: The eafish is sometimes found towering over even the tallest pelican. It can swallow a whole cheetah and breeds in lime scented trundle beds. 

Animal: EARING 
Origin: A hybrid of the eagle and the herring.  
Description: The earing is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of beaver. It lives on the waste of the barracuda and is capable of spending its entire life by cold holes in the ground. 

Animal: EARREL 
Origin: A hybrid of the eagle and the squirrel.  
Description: The earrel is much smaller than an average ferret. It is a parasite of the yak and can only survive in the proximity of cold moss patties. 

Animal: EELA FOWL 
Origin: A marriage between the eel and the guinea fowl.  
Description: The eela fowl is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown butterfly. It can make a sound like a cattle and breeds in vast and favorable shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: EELBAT 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the eel and the bat.  
Description: The eelbat is more massive than five jay. It can be far more intimidating than an elder gazelle and can only survive in the proximity of freezing shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: EELDOG 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the eel and the dog.  
Description: The eeldog is bigger than your average peafowl. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the gazelle and can only survive in the proximity of whimsical oceans. 

Animal: EELEON 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the eel and the pigeon.  
Description: The eeleon is is over all squishier than the male sardine. It can be far more intimidating than an elder gorilla and breeds in dank moss patties. 

Animal: EELLL 
Origin: A mashup between the eel and the gull.  
Description: The eelll is similar in size to the hippopotamus. It is a parasite of the loris and breeds in fluorescent moss patties. 

Animal: EELRKAT 
Origin: A marriage between the eel and the meerkat.  
Description: The eelrkat is is over all squishier than the male sandpiper. It is a parasite of the opossum and will only thrive in tepid moss patties. 

Animal: EELUPINE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the eel and the porcupine.  
Description: The eelupine is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature barracuda. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty shrimp and can be found around lime scented seashores. 

Animal: EELYAK 
Origin: A hybrid of the eel and the yak.  
Description: The eelyak is much smaller than an average opossum. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of pig and lives by damp oceans. 

Animal: ELEPATEE 
Origin: A marriage between the elephant and the manatee.  
Description: The elepatee is bigger than your average porcupine. It can swallow a whole meerkat and will find a home in and around dank seashores. 

Animal: ELEPCEROS 
Origin: A marriage between the elephant and the rhinoceros.  
Description: The elepceros is much smaller than an average hawk. It can swallow a whole magpie and is capable of spending its entire life by cold crypts. 

Animal: ELEPEN 
Origin: A marriage between the elephant and the wren.  
Description: The elepen is sometimes found towering over even the tallest chimpanzee. It can swallow a whole gnu and will find a home in and around lime scented shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: ELEPHAAKE 
Origin: A marriage between the elephant seal and the snake.  
Description: The elephaake is more massive than five seal. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty herring and breeds in grim rivers. 

Animal: ELEPHAAKE 
Origin: A mashup between the elephant seal and the snake.  
Description: The elephaake is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown gnu. It regularly feeds on alpaca and is likely to be found alongside vast and favorable shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: ELEPHAASS 
Origin: A marriage between the elephant seal and the ass.  
Description: The elephaass is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature worm. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single porpoise and can only survive in the proximity of fluorescent trundle beds. 

Animal: ELEPHAEEL 
Origin: A mashup between the elephant seal and the eel.  
Description: The elephaeel is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown elephant. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single elephant seal and lives by grim oceans. 

Animal: ELEPHAENA 
Origin: A hybrid of the elephant seal and the hyena.  
Description: The elephaena is bigger than your average rat. It can be far more intimidating than an elder rook and can be found around cold creeks. 

Animal: ELEPHAOUT 
Origin: A marriage between the elephant seal and the trout.  
Description: The elephaout is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown caribou. It regularly feeds on crane and will find a home in and around tepid underwater bunkers. 

Animal: ELEPHASANT 
Origin: A marriage between the elephant seal and the pheasant.  
Description: The elephasant is sometimes found towering over even the tallest chinchilla. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the chinchilla and will find a home in and around sour smelling moss patties. 

Animal: ELEPHAUITO 
Origin: A marriage between the elephant seal and the mosquito.  
Description: The elephauito is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature snail. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of newt and lives by whimsical seashores. 

Animal: ELEPKAL 
Origin: A marriage between the elephant and the jackal.  
Description: The elepkal is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent shrew. It can make a sound like a ass and lives by dank underwater bunkers. 

Animal: ELEPODILE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the elephant and the crocodile.  
Description: The elepodile is fifty times larger than the standard hippopotamus. It regularly feeds on chinchilla and is capable of spending its entire life by lime scented shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: ELEPRING 
Origin: A marriage between the elephant and the herring.  
Description: The elepring is fifty times larger than the standard guinea fowl. It regularly feeds on baboon and can only survive in the proximity of sour smelling moss patties. 

Animal: ELKANDER 
Origin: A marriage between the elk and the salamander.  
Description: The elkander is similar in size to the cod. It can make a sound like a butterfly and will only thrive in murky underwater bunkers. 

Animal: ELKCAT 
Origin: A hybrid of the elk and the cat.  
Description: The elkcat is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature crocodile. It eats toad and lives by sour smelling trundle beds. 

Animal: ELKDEER 
Origin: A mashup between the elk and the reindeer.  
Description: The elkdeer is much smaller than an average partridge. It regularly feeds on slow loris and is likely to be found alongside grim rivers. 

Animal: ELKGER 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the elk and the badger.  
Description: The elkger is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent moose. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of ostrich and will find a home in and around stinky riverbeds. 

Animal: ELKNGBIRD 
Origin: A mashup between the elk and the hummingbird.  
Description: The elkngbird is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of worm. It can swallow a whole lyrebird and breeds in vast and favorable holes in the ground. 

Animal: ELKPION 
Origin: A hybrid of the elk and the scorpion.  
Description: The elkpion is fifty times larger than the standard dogfish. It finds solace in the den of the pony and can only survive in the proximity of humid underwater bunkers. 

Animal: ELKPIPER 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the elk and the sandpiper.  
Description: The elkpiper is much smaller than an average dolphin. It can swallow a whole sea lion and is capable of spending its entire life by freezing exotic dungeons. 

Animal: ELKRCHIN 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the elk and the sea urchin.  
Description: The elkrchin is bigger than your average partridge. It finds solace in the den of the squirrel and is known to frequent freezing riverbeds. 

Animal: ELKUST 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the elk and the locust.  
Description: The elkust is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown water buffalo. It finds solace in the den of the mallard and can only survive in the proximity of humid riverbeds. 

Animal: EMUALE 
Origin: A marriage between the emu and the whale.  
Description: The emuale is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown cod. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the tapir and is known to frequent salty exotic dungeons. 

Animal: EMUNET 
Origin: A mashup between the emu and the hornet.  
Description: The emunet is is over all squishier than the male shrew. It finds solace in the den of the meerkat and is capable of spending its entire life by murky bogs. 

Animal: EMUPARD 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the emu and the leopard.  
Description: The emupard is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature parrot. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of bison and can be found around fluorescent oceans. 

Animal: FALACA 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the falcon and the alpaca.  
Description: The falaca is much smaller than an average woodcock. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of tiger and is likely to be found alongside cold oceans. 

Animal: FALBIRD 
Origin: A marriage between the falcon and the lyrebird.  
Description: The falbird is much smaller than an average cat. It can swallow a whole fly and will find a home in and around vast and favorable shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: FALCOON 
Origin: A mashup between the falcon and the raccoon.  
Description: The falcoon is is over all squishier than the male viper. It regularly feeds on gazelle and is likely to be found alongside murky seashores. 

Animal: FALDINE 
Origin: A hybrid of the falcon and the sardine.  
Description: The faldine is is over all squishier than the male locust. It eats bear and breeds in vast and favorable seashores. 

Animal: FALELK 
Origin: A marriage between the falcon and the elk.  
Description: The falelk is fifty times larger than the standard trout. It eats oryx and is likely to be found alongside whimsical trundle beds. 

Animal: FALELLE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the falcon and the gazelle.  
Description: The falelle is fifty times larger than the standard viper. It can be far more intimidating than an elder ant and is likely to be found alongside stinky creeks. 

Animal: FALORK 
Origin: A hybrid of the falcon and the stork.  
Description: The falork is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown narwhal. It is a parasite of the okapi and will find a home in and around freezing moss patties. 

Animal: FALOW 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the falcon and the crow.  
Description: The falow is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent slow loris. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty pony and will only thrive in cold oceans. 

Animal: FALRM 
Origin: A marriage between the falcon and the worm.  
Description: The falrm is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature ant. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of quail and lives by murky underground dwellings. 

Animal: FALRM 
Origin: A mashup between the falcon and the worm.  
Description: The falrm is sometimes found towering over even the tallest zebra. It can make a sound like a dolphin and is likely to be found alongside vast and favorable creeks. 

Animal: FALTLE 
Origin: A mashup between the falcon and the cattle.  
Description: The faltle is fifty times larger than the standard hedgehog. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of komodo dragon and will only thrive in whimsical moss patties. 

Animal: FALUSE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the falcon and the mouse.  
Description: The faluse is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent pheasant. It regularly feeds on nightingale and is known to frequent cold shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: FERAM 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the ferret and the clam.  
Description: The feram is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent crocodile. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the goldfinch and is likely to be found alongside sour smelling moss patties. 

Animal: FERBUFFALO 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the ferret and the water buffalo.  
Description: The ferbuffalo is smaller than a typical hare. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single stinkbug and lives by sour smelling rivers. 

Animal: FERRKAT 
Origin: A mashup between the ferret and the meerkat.  
Description: The ferrkat is more massive than five chimpanzee. It can make a sound like a parrot and lives by salty underwater bunkers. 

Animal: FERSP 
Origin: A mashup between the ferret and the wasp.  
Description: The fersp is smaller than a typical gorilla. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty yak and will find a home in and around salty trundle beds. 

Animal: FERUAR 
Origin: A mashup between the ferret and the jaguar.  
Description: The feruar is smaller than a typical ostrich. It can be far more intimidating than an elder jackal and is capable of spending its entire life by freezing creeks. 

Animal: FERUSE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the ferret and the mouse.  
Description: The feruse is is over all squishier than the male partridge. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of dog and can only survive in the proximity of vast and favorable riverbeds. 

Animal: FIAIL 
Origin: A hybrid of the fish and the quail.  
Description: The fiail is fifty times larger than the standard clam. It regularly feeds on gnat and will find a home in and around damp bogs. 

Animal: FIANT 
Origin: A marriage between the finch and the ant.  
Description: The fiant is similar in size to the jay. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of ostrich and can only survive in the proximity of freezing shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: FIENA 
Origin: A marriage between the finch and the hyena.  
Description: The fiena is fifty times larger than the standard ass. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of dog and can be found around windblown bogs. 

Animal: FIFINCH 
Origin: A hybrid of the finch and the goldfinch.  
Description: The fifinch is sometimes found towering over even the tallest snail. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the alligator and breeds in windblown trundle beds. 

Animal: FIFISH 
Origin: A marriage between the fish and the goldfish.  
Description: The fifish is smaller than a typical aardvark. It eats rat and is known to frequent murky underwater bunkers. 

Animal: FIINGALE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the fish and the nightingale.  
Description: The fiingale is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent lark. It can swallow a whole armadillo and can only survive in the proximity of dank shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: FILOPE 
Origin: A marriage between the fish and the antelope.  
Description: The filope is much smaller than an average mule. It finds solace in the den of the jellyfish and is known to frequent whimsical riverbeds. 

Animal: FIODILE 
Origin: A hybrid of the fish and the crocodile.  
Description: The fiodile is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent lyrebird. It can make a sound like a cattle and can be found around lime scented holes in the ground. 

Animal: FION 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the fish and the lion.  
Description: The fion is sometimes found towering over even the tallest cat. It can swallow a whole fox and is likely to be found alongside murky underground dwellings. 

Animal: FIORSE 
Origin: A marriage between the fish and the seahorse.  
Description: The fiorse is sometimes found towering over even the tallest wombat. It regularly feeds on pigeon and will only thrive in grim underground dwellings. 

Animal: FIOW 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the finch and the crow.  
Description: The fiow is much smaller than an average magpie. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of llama and breeds in dank holes in the ground. 

Animal: FIPILLAR 
Origin: A mashup between the finch and the caterpillar.  
Description: The fipillar is much smaller than an average alpaca. It can be far more intimidating than an elder panther and breeds in cold underground dwellings. 

Animal: FIRCHIN 
Origin: A hybrid of the finch and the sea urchin.  
Description: The firchin is sometimes found towering over even the tallest sheep. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single tiger and will only thrive in dank rivers. 

Animal: FIROT 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the finch and the parrot.  
Description: The firot is much smaller than an average eel. It eats beaver and can only survive in the proximity of stinky oceans. 

Animal: FIVARK 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the finch and the aardvark.  
Description: The fivark is similar in size to the partridge. It regularly feeds on heron and breeds in cold seashores. 

Animal: FLAMATEE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the flamingo and the manatee.  
Description: The flamatee is fifty times larger than the standard worm. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of rabbit and is likely to be found alongside vast and favorable riverbeds. 

Animal: FLAMCAT 
Origin: A mashup between the flamingo and the cat.  
Description: The flamcat is sometimes found towering over even the tallest gazelle. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of ferret and will find a home in and around damp bogs. 

Animal: FLAMCK 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the flamingo and the duck.  
Description: The flamck is more massive than five badger. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of dove and will only thrive in windblown underwater bunkers. 

Animal: FLAMENA 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the flamingo and the hyena.  
Description: The flamena is much smaller than an average dinosaur. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of guinea pig and can only survive in the proximity of stinky rivers. 

Animal: FLAMOTE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the flamingo and the coyote.  
Description: The flamote is fifty times larger than the standard worm. It can swallow a whole antelope and breeds in vast and favorable riverbeds. 

Animal: FLAMREW 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the flamingo and the shrew.  
Description: The flamrew is similar in size to the elephant seal. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of duck and will only thrive in fluorescent underground dwellings. 

Animal: FLYAR 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the fly and the boar.  
Description: The flyar is fifty times larger than the standard lobster. It eats komodo dragon and is likely to be found alongside freezing holes in the ground. 

Animal: FLYDU 
Origin: A marriage between the fly and the kudu.  
Description: The flydu is much smaller than an average hornet. It regularly feeds on otter and is likely to be found alongside vast and favorable crypts. 

Animal: FLYICAN 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the fly and the pelican.  
Description: The flyican is fifty times larger than the standard quail. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of cat and is known to frequent stinky holes in the ground. 

Animal: FLYLL 
Origin: A hybrid of the fly and the gull.  
Description: The flyll is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of nightingale. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the mink and can only survive in the proximity of dank trundle beds. 

Animal: FLYOISE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the fly and the porpoise.  
Description: The flyoise is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown elk. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of dove and breeds in fluorescent creeks. 

Animal: FLYPIG 
Origin: A marriage between the fly and the pig.  
Description: The flypig is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature worm. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty dragonfly and breeds in fluorescent trundle beds. 

Animal: FLYREW 
Origin: A marriage between the fly and the shrew.  
Description: The flyrew is more massive than five pony. It is a parasite of the hyena and can only survive in the proximity of lime scented seashores. 

Animal: FLYRREL 
Origin: A hybrid of the fly and the squirrel.  
Description: The flyrrel is is not quite as big as a baby dove. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the quail and lives by sour smelling rivers. 

Animal: FLYRUS 
Origin: A marriage between the fly and the walrus.  
Description: The flyrus is much smaller than an average elk. It finds solace in the den of the meerkat and is capable of spending its entire life by fluorescent shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: FLYSON 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the fly and the bison.  
Description: The flyson is is not quite as big as a baby manatee. It regularly feeds on wallaby and breeds in salty exotic dungeons. 

Animal: FLYYFISH 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the fly and the jellyfish.  
Description: The flyyfish is is over all squishier than the male fly. It can be far more intimidating than an elder jellyfish and is known to frequent murky creeks. 

Animal: FOXAB 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the fox and the crab.  
Description: The foxab is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown hornet. It eats cormorant and can only survive in the proximity of vast and favorable seashores. 

Animal: FOXAKE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the fox and the snake.  
Description: The foxake is sometimes found towering over even the tallest sandpiper. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the rhinoceros and breeds in humid exotic dungeons. 

Animal: FOXKEY 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the fox and the donkey.  
Description: The foxkey is is not quite as big as a baby dinosaur. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of red deer and breeds in sour smelling moss patties. 

Animal: FOXLARD 
Origin: A mashup between the fox and the mallard.  
Description: The foxlard is smaller than a typical deer. It lives on the waste of the crow and breeds in humid creeks. 

Animal: FOXPHIN 
Origin: A mashup between the fox and the dolphin.  
Description: The foxphin is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of manatee. It can be far more intimidating than an elder fly and is known to frequent humid underground dwellings. 

Animal: FOXREW 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the fox and the shrew.  
Description: The foxrew is sometimes found towering over even the tallest okapi. It can be far more intimidating than an elder buffalo and can only survive in the proximity of gross but not altogether repulsive crypts. 

Animal: FOXTER 
Origin: A hybrid of the fox and the oyster.  
Description: The foxter is is not quite as big as a baby yak. It can make a sound like a manatee and is likely to be found alongside sour smelling crypts. 

Animal: FOXTLE 
Origin: A mashup between the fox and the cattle.  
Description: The foxtle is similar in size to the albatross. It can make a sound like a deer and will find a home in and around cold rivers. 

Animal: FOXUSE 
Origin: A mashup between the fox and the mouse.  
Description: The foxuse is is not quite as big as a baby wolverine. It eats bee and can be found around lime scented holes in the ground. 

Animal: FOXUSE 
Origin: A mashup between the fox and the mouse.  
Description: The foxuse is more massive than five monkey. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of elk and lives by damp bogs. 

Animal: FRA FOWL 
Origin: A mashup between the frog and the guinea fowl.  
Description: The fra fowl is sometimes found towering over even the tallest gorilla. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the moose and will only thrive in lime scented crypts. 

Animal: FREON 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the frog and the pigeon.  
Description: The freon is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature marten. It eats guinea fowl and lives by damp creeks. 

Animal: FRKEY 
Origin: A hybrid of the frog and the donkey.  
Description: The frkey is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature monkey. It can be far more intimidating than an elder goldfinch and is likely to be found alongside tepid holes in the ground. 

Animal: FRMUR 
Origin: A hybrid of the frog and the lemur.  
Description: The frmur is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of butterfly. It can be far more intimidating than an elder llama and is known to frequent windblown bogs. 

Animal: FRNK 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the frog and the mink.  
Description: The frnk is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent barracuda. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of ferret and is known to frequent whimsical riverbeds. 

Animal: FRUPINE 
Origin: A marriage between the frog and the porcupine.  
Description: The frupine is similar in size to the ferret. It can swallow a whole goose and lives by grim riverbeds. 

Animal: GAZAMA 
Origin: A marriage between the gazelle and the llama.  
Description: The gazama is is not quite as big as a baby pony. It can be far more intimidating than an elder gnu and can only survive in the proximity of fluorescent riverbeds. 

Animal: GAZLOPE 
Origin: A marriage between the gazelle and the antelope.  
Description: The gazlope is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature jay, blue. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the badger and breeds in cold rivers. 

Animal: GAZTHER 
Origin: A hybrid of the gazelle and the panther.  
Description: The gazther is is not quite as big as a baby mallard. It regularly feeds on hedgehog and can only survive in the proximity of dank underground dwellings. 

Animal: GAZUNK 
Origin: A marriage between the gazelle and the skunk.  
Description: The gazunk is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown jellyfish. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single woodpecker and can only survive in the proximity of murky crypts. 

Animal: GERAT 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the gerbil and the gnat.  
Description: The gerat is smaller than a typical beaver. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the elephant seal and can be found around gross but not altogether repulsive moss patties. 

Animal: GERCOD 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the gerbil and the cod.  
Description: The gercod is much smaller than an average aardvark. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty nightingale and lives by salty trundle beds. 

Animal: GERFINCH 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the gerbil and the goldfinch.  
Description: The gerfinch is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature chicken. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single snail and can be found around whimsical underwater bunkers. 

Animal: GERFISH 
Origin: A hybrid of the gerbil and the goldfish.  
Description: The gerfish is fifty times larger than the standard sand dollar. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty squid and breeds in murky seashores. 

Animal: GERKEY 
Origin: A marriage between the gerbil and the monkey.  
Description: The gerkey is fifty times larger than the standard raven. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single jay, blue and will find a home in and around vast and favorable holes in the ground. 

Animal: GERLORIS 
Origin: A mashup between the gerbil and the slow loris.  
Description: The gerloris is more massive than five dolphin. It can be far more intimidating than an elder okapi and can be found around murky shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: GERPIR 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the gerbil and the tapir.  
Description: The gerpir is sometimes found towering over even the tallest tapir. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of flamingo and is likely to be found alongside stinky underground dwellings. 

Animal: GERREW 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the gerbil and the shrew.  
Description: The gerrew is much smaller than an average falcon. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of monkey and can only survive in the proximity of grim underwater bunkers. 

Animal: GERTHER 
Origin: A hybrid of the gerbil and the panther.  
Description: The gerther is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown rabbit. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the raven and lives by cold underground dwellings. 

Animal: GERTLE 
Origin: A marriage between the gerbil and the turtle.  
Description: The gertle is sometimes found towering over even the tallest wombat. It finds solace in the den of the donkey and breeds in stinky bogs. 

Animal: GIANTAR 
Origin: A marriage between the giant panda and the bear.  
Description: The giantar is is not quite as big as a baby bee. It can swallow a whole chinchilla and will find a home in and around humid riverbeds. 

Animal: GIANTAR 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the giant panda and the bear.  
Description: The giantar is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of kudu. It finds solace in the den of the sand dollar and breeds in grim rivers. 

Animal: GIANTCON 
Origin: A hybrid of the giant panda and the falcon.  
Description: The giantcon is smaller than a typical stinkbug. It regularly feeds on turkey and can only survive in the proximity of lime scented holes in the ground. 

Animal: GIANTEEP 
Origin: A mashup between the giant panda and the sheep.  
Description: The gianteep is sometimes found towering over even the tallest baboon. It eats buffalo and can only survive in the proximity of whimsical holes in the ground. 

Animal: GIRAM 
Origin: A mashup between the giraffe and the clam.  
Description: The giram is more massive than five hummingbird. It finds solace in the den of the yak and is likely to be found alongside grim shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: GIRCEROS 
Origin: A marriage between the giraffe and the rhinoceros.  
Description: The girceros is bigger than your average oryx. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the hippopotamus and can be found around humid bogs. 

Animal: GIRCEROS 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the giraffe and the rhinoceros.  
Description: The girceros is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature gerbil. It lives on the waste of the oryx and can be found around whimsical holes in the ground. 

Animal: GIRKEY 
Origin: A marriage between the giraffe and the donkey.  
Description: The girkey is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown deer. It finds solace in the den of the buffalo and can be found around freezing exotic dungeons. 

Animal: GIRLABY 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the giraffe and the wallaby.  
Description: The girlaby is is not quite as big as a baby partridge. It is a parasite of the ant and is capable of spending its entire life by salty holes in the ground. 

Animal: GIRLOPE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the giraffe and the antelope.  
Description: The girlope is fifty times larger than the standard leopard. It finds solace in the den of the dragonfly and can only survive in the proximity of stinky rivers. 

Animal: GIROSE 
Origin: A hybrid of the giraffe and the moose.  
Description: The girose is similar in size to the cod. It finds solace in the den of the partridge and will only thrive in gross but not altogether repulsive riverbeds. 

Animal: GIRSH 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the giraffe and the fish.  
Description: The girsh is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature guinea fowl. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of swan and will only thrive in fluorescent crypts. 

Animal: GNALA 
Origin: A mashup between the gnat and the koala.  
Description: The gnala is more massive than five okapi. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty skunk and is known to frequent damp seashores. 

Animal: GNAR 
Origin: A hybrid of the gnat and the bear.  
Description: The gnar is similar in size to the starling. It can be far more intimidating than an elder narwhal and will only thrive in freezing moss patties. 

Animal: GNCEROS 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the gnat and the rhinoceros.  
Description: The gnceros is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown salamander. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty hedgehog and is known to frequent vast and favorable rivers. 

Animal: GNDER 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the gnat and the spider.  
Description: The gnder is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent lobster. It is a parasite of the panther and will find a home in and around tepid shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: GNDILLO 
Origin: A mashup between the gnat and the armadillo.  
Description: The gndillo is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent narwhal. It lives on the waste of the sandpiper and can be found around whimsical rivers. 

Animal: GNDOG 
Origin: A mashup between the gnat and the dog.  
Description: The gndog is much smaller than an average spider. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of ox and will find a home in and around vast and favorable rivers. 

Animal: GNEHOG 
Origin: A hybrid of the gnat and the hedgehog.  
Description: The gnehog is smaller than a typical chimpanzee. It lives on the waste of the bear and will find a home in and around fluorescent exotic dungeons. 

Animal: GNHANT 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the gnat and the elephant.  
Description: The gnhant is is over all squishier than the male okapi. It regularly feeds on hummingbird and will only thrive in damp holes in the ground. 

Animal: GNPION 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the gnat and the scorpion.  
Description: The gnpion is sometimes found towering over even the tallest wombat. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty cattle and can be found around gross but not altogether repulsive shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: GNUAKE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the gnu and the snake.  
Description: The gnuake is smaller than a typical emu. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the swallow and is likely to be found alongside stinky underground dwellings. 

Animal: GNUAL 
Origin: A hybrid of the gnu and the seal.  
Description: The gnual is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent pig. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the rhinoceros and will find a home in and around gross but not altogether repulsive crypts. 

Animal: GNUEHOG 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the gnu and the hedgehog.  
Description: The gnuehog is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature baboon. It can swallow a whole oyster and can only survive in the proximity of tepid underwater bunkers. 

Animal: GNUFLY 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the gnu and the fly.  
Description: The gnufly is more massive than five dogfish. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the swallow and can only survive in the proximity of stinky trundle beds. 

Animal: GNURM 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the gnu and the worm.  
Description: The gnurm is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown hare. It finds solace in the den of the woodcock and breeds in sour smelling bogs. 

Animal: GNVER 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the gnat and the beaver.  
Description: The gnver is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent turtle. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of bee and lives by whimsical seashores. 

Animal: GOALA 
Origin: A hybrid of the goat and the koala.  
Description: The goala is is over all squishier than the male toad. It regularly feeds on goldfinch and will find a home in and around windblown riverbeds. 

Animal: GOAR 
Origin: A mashup between the goose and the bear.  
Description: The goar is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of owl. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of starling and will find a home in and around tepid shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: GODU 
Origin: A marriage between the goat and the kudu.  
Description: The godu is much smaller than an average bee. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of elephant and can only survive in the proximity of fluorescent bogs. 

Animal: GOFALO 
Origin: A mashup between the goose and the buffalo.  
Description: The gofalo is bigger than your average beaver. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single donkey and is likely to be found alongside grim exotic dungeons. 

Animal: GOGLE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the goat and the eagle.  
Description: The gogle is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent hamster. It can be far more intimidating than an elder locust and breeds in stinky holes in the ground. 

Animal: GOGUIN 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the goose and the penguin.  
Description: The goguin is sometimes found towering over even the tallest seal. It can be far more intimidating than an elder stinkbug and can be found around sour smelling underwater bunkers. 

Animal: GOINGALE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the goose and the nightingale.  
Description: The goingale is is over all squishier than the male elephant. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of pig and will find a home in and around lime scented bogs. 

Animal: GOINGO 
Origin: A mashup between the goose and the flamingo.  
Description: The goingo is similar in size to the narwhal. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of seal and is capable of spending its entire life by dank underground dwellings. 

Animal: GOLDAB 
Origin: A mashup between the goldfinch and the crab.  
Description: The goldab is is not quite as big as a baby stork. It lives on the waste of the worm and is known to frequent grim seashores. 

Animal: GOLDACA 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the goldfinch and the alpaca.  
Description: The goldaca is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature dinosaur. It eats buffalo and will only thrive in cold riverbeds. 

Animal: GOLDCKEN 
Origin: A marriage between the goldfish and the chicken.  
Description: The goldcken is more massive than five spider. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of sandpiper and breeds in windblown seashores. 

Animal: GOLDCKEN 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the goldfish and the chicken.  
Description: The goldcken is sometimes found towering over even the tallest manatee. It finds solace in the den of the woodcock and can be found around tepid exotic dungeons. 

Animal: GOLDDER 
Origin: A mashup between the goldfish and the spider.  
Description: The goldder is smaller than a typical ass. It finds solace in the den of the kudu and can only survive in the proximity of humid creeks. 

Animal: GOLDGNU 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the goldfinch and the gnu.  
Description: The goldgnu is similar in size to the gorilla. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of salamander and will find a home in and around damp shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: GOLDKAL 
Origin: A hybrid of the goldfinch and the jackal.  
Description: The goldkal is fifty times larger than the standard squid. It lives on the waste of the sea urchin and will only thrive in dank rivers. 

Animal: GOLDMUR 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the goldfinch and the lemur.  
Description: The goldmur is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of jaguar. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty wallaby and is known to frequent stinky seashores. 

Animal: GOLDOK 
Origin: A hybrid of the goldfinch and the rook.  
Description: The goldok is is not quite as big as a baby crab. It finds solace in the den of the dinosaur and can only survive in the proximity of gross but not altogether repulsive moss patties. 

Animal: GOLDPARD 
Origin: A mashup between the goldfinch and the leopard.  
Description: The goldpard is sometimes found towering over even the tallest elephant. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty eel and breeds in sour smelling holes in the ground. 

Animal: GOLDSANT 
Origin: A hybrid of the goldfinch and the pheasant.  
Description: The goldsant is is not quite as big as a baby dogfish. It lives on the waste of the meerkat and is likely to be found alongside cold bogs. 

Animal: GOLDTURE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the goldfinch and the vulture.  
Description: The goldture is similar in size to the chimpanzee. It regularly feeds on reindeer and breeds in gross but not altogether repulsive bogs. 

Animal: GOLDUST 
Origin: A hybrid of the goldfinch and the locust.  
Description: The goldust is is not quite as big as a baby worm. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of mole and can be found around cold bogs. 

Animal: GOLDVARK 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the goldfinch and the aardvark.  
Description: The goldvark is much smaller than an average wombat. It can be far more intimidating than an elder crow and lives by dank bogs. 

Animal: GONT SEAL 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the goose and the elephant seal.  
Description: The gont seal is smaller than a typical sea urchin. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the stinkbug and will find a home in and around whimsical riverbeds. 

Animal: GOOUT 
Origin: A marriage between the goose and the trout.  
Description: The goout is much smaller than an average swan. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the rhinoceros and can only survive in the proximity of sour smelling seashores. 

Animal: GORANZEE 
Origin: A marriage between the gorilla and the chimpanzee.  
Description: The goranzee is sometimes found towering over even the tallest beaver. It can make a sound like a turtle and will only thrive in salty trundle beds. 

Animal: GORAROO 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the gorilla and the kangaroo.  
Description: The goraroo is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of hyena. It can swallow a whole goose and can only survive in the proximity of salty seashores. 

Animal: GORDEER 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the gorilla and the reindeer.  
Description: The gordeer is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of prairie dog. It can be far more intimidating than an elder guinea fowl and is capable of spending its entire life by vast and favorable creeks. 

Animal: GOREEP 
Origin: A hybrid of the gorilla and the sheep.  
Description: The goreep is is not quite as big as a baby anteater. It finds solace in the den of the komodo dragon and will only thrive in salty crypts. 

Animal: GORNK 
Origin: A hybrid of the gorilla and the mink.  
Description: The gornk is more massive than five snake. It is a parasite of the partridge and breeds in windblown creeks. 

Animal: GORONFLY 
Origin: A mashup between the gorilla and the dragonfly.  
Description: The goronfly is is not quite as big as a baby badger. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single hamster and breeds in lime scented riverbeds. 

Animal: GORORSE 
Origin: A marriage between the gorilla and the seahorse.  
Description: The gororse is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent fox. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of slow loris and breeds in stinky seashores. 

Animal: GOSANT 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the goose and the pheasant.  
Description: The gosant is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent stork. It can swallow a whole crocodile and will find a home in and around vast and favorable bogs. 

Animal: GOTER 
Origin: A marriage between the goose and the oyster.  
Description: The goter is is over all squishier than the male oryx. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the sand dollar and breeds in murky riverbeds. 

Animal: GOUAR 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the goose and the jaguar.  
Description: The gouar is is over all squishier than the male mole. It regularly feeds on koala and is known to frequent stinky moss patties. 

Animal: GOUID 
Origin: A marriage between the goat and the squid.  
Description: The gouid is much smaller than an average whale. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of cheetah and is likely to be found alongside tepid creeks. 

Animal: GOUSE 
Origin: A mashup between the goat and the louse.  
Description: The gouse is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of flamingo. It finds solace in the den of the jay and is likely to be found alongside fluorescent exotic dungeons. 

Animal: GOUSE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the goose and the louse.  
Description: The gouse is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown llama. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single baboon and will only thrive in gross but not altogether repulsive shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: GRASSCON 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the grasshopper and the falcon.  
Description: The grasscon is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature ape. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of red panda and breeds in freezing trundle beds. 

Animal: GRASSKEY 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the grasshopper and the monkey.  
Description: The grasskey is much smaller than an average goose. It can make a sound like a vulture and will find a home in and around lime scented crypts. 

Animal: GRASSORANT 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the grasshopper and the cormorant.  
Description: The grassorant is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown otter. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the frog and will only thrive in murky rivers. 

Animal: GRASSOW 
Origin: A mashup between the grasshopper and the crow.  
Description: The grassow is much smaller than an average dogfish. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of badger and can only survive in the proximity of freezing shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: GRASSSTER 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the grasshopper and the hamster.  
Description: The grassster is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown swallow. It can swallow a whole monkey and is capable of spending its entire life by tepid moss patties. 

Animal: GROELK 
Origin: A marriage between the grouse and the elk.  
Description: The groelk is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of lemur. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single mink and will only thrive in damp rivers. 

Animal: GROFISH 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the grouse and the dogfish.  
Description: The grofish is fifty times larger than the standard cobra. It can swallow a whole beaver and can only survive in the proximity of whimsical crypts. 

Animal: GROHOPPER 
Origin: A hybrid of the grouse and the grasshopper.  
Description: The grohopper is much smaller than an average duck. It finds solace in the den of the chinchilla and is capable of spending its entire life by murky oceans. 

Animal: GROLLOW 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the grouse and the swallow.  
Description: The grollow is similar in size to the mosquito. It regularly feeds on grouse and is known to frequent damp creeks. 

Animal: GROOK 
Origin: A mashup between the grouse and the rook.  
Description: The grook is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent magpie. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty wolverine and lives by whimsical oceans. 

Animal: GRORING 
Origin: A hybrid of the grouse and the herring.  
Description: The groring is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown elephant seal. It can be far more intimidating than an elder turkey and is likely to be found alongside freezing creeks. 

Animal: GROUSE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the grouse and the mouse.  
Description: The grouse is sometimes found towering over even the tallest dolphin. It can be far more intimidating than an elder goose and is likely to be found alongside whimsical underground dwellings. 

Animal: GROUST 
Origin: A hybrid of the grouse and the locust.  
Description: The groust is is over all squishier than the male ostrich. It can be far more intimidating than an elder vulture and is capable of spending its entire life by whimsical holes in the ground. 

Animal: GUANT 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the gull and the ant.  
Description: The guant is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of gazelle. It can be far more intimidating than an elder jaguar and will only thrive in tepid moss patties. 

Animal: GUEN 
Origin: A hybrid of the gull and the wren.  
Description: The guen is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent dog. It eats komodo dragon and will find a home in and around sour smelling creeks. 

Animal: GUER 
Origin: A mashup between the gull and the deer.  
Description: The guer is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent otter. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty jay, blue and will find a home in and around stinky rivers. 

Animal: GUINEANZEE 
Origin: A hybrid of the guinea fowl and the chimpanzee.  
Description: The guineanzee is fifty times larger than the standard okapi. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of cat and lives by fluorescent moss patties. 

Animal: GUINEAR 
Origin: A hybrid of the guinea fowl and the boar.  
Description: The guinear is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature turtle. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty whale and can only survive in the proximity of murky holes in the ground. 

Animal: GUINEAROO 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the guinea pig and the kangaroo.  
Description: The guinearoo is much smaller than an average sheep. It can swallow a whole owl and breeds in fluorescent creeks. 

Animal: GUINECK 
Origin: A hybrid of the guinea pig and the duck.  
Description: The guineck is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of slow loris. It eats koala and can be found around salty underwater bunkers. 

Animal: GUINEGUIN 
Origin: A mashup between the guinea pig and the penguin.  
Description: The guineguin is bigger than your average jackal. It can be far more intimidating than an elder guinea pig and is known to frequent sour smelling seashores. 

Animal: GUINELARD 
Origin: A hybrid of the guinea fowl and the mallard.  
Description: The guinelard is similar in size to the grasshopper. It can swallow a whole elephant and is known to frequent whimsical creeks. 

Animal: GUINEOTE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the guinea pig and the coyote.  
Description: The guineote is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature giraffe. It lives on the waste of the wallaby and will find a home in and around grim oceans. 

Animal: GUINEPARD 
Origin: A marriage between the guinea pig and the leopard.  
Description: The guinepard is smaller than a typical magpie. It regularly feeds on stinkbug and will find a home in and around murky trundle beds. 

Animal: GUINEPIPER 
Origin: A hybrid of the guinea fowl and the sandpiper.  
Description: The guinepiper is similar in size to the lyrebird. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty swallow and is capable of spending its entire life by tepid underwater bunkers. 

Animal: GUINERET 
Origin: A marriage between the guinea fowl and the ferret.  
Description: The guineret is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of sea urchin. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of wolverine and will only thrive in murky bogs. 

Animal: GUINESEL 
Origin: A marriage between the guinea pig and the weasel.  
Description: The guinesel is bigger than your average shark. It can be far more intimidating than an elder caterpillar and lives by tepid holes in the ground. 

Animal: GUINETER 
Origin: A mashup between the guinea fowl and the otter.  
Description: The guineter is much smaller than an average camel. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the guinea pig and will only thrive in vast and favorable moss patties. 

Animal: GULION 
Origin: A mashup between the gull and the sea lion.  
Description: The gulion is sometimes found towering over even the tallest trout. It eats slow loris and can be found around freezing underwater bunkers. 

Animal: GUPANDA 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the gull and the red panda.  
Description: The gupanda is more massive than five lobster. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of deer and will only thrive in lime scented underground dwellings. 

Animal: GURAM 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the gull and the ram.  
Description: The guram is sometimes found towering over even the tallest wombat. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of scorpion and is capable of spending its entire life by whimsical bogs. 

Animal: HAAKE 
Origin: A hybrid of the hawk and the snake.  
Description: The haake is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature crab. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of grasshopper and is capable of spending its entire life by dank oceans. 

Animal: HABIT 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the hawk and the rabbit.  
Description: The habit is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of squid. It can swallow a whole leopard and can only survive in the proximity of freezing oceans. 

Animal: HACOCK 
Origin: A marriage between the hare and the woodcock.  
Description: The hacock is fifty times larger than the standard water buffalo. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of mink and can be found around sour smelling crypts. 

Animal: HAFISH 
Origin: A hybrid of the hare and the dogfish.  
Description: The hafish is fifty times larger than the standard oyster. It lives on the waste of the cockroach and can only survive in the proximity of stinky exotic dungeons. 

Animal: HAGER 
Origin: A marriage between the hare and the tiger.  
Description: The hager is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown elephant seal. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of elk and can be found around damp crypts. 

Animal: HAIE DOG 
Origin: A mashup between the hare and the prairie dog.  
Description: The haie dog is is over all squishier than the male heron. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty scorpion and is capable of spending its entire life by salty bogs. 

Animal: HAMAIL 
Origin: A marriage between the hamster and the quail.  
Description: The hamail is is not quite as big as a baby herring. It can swallow a whole alpaca and will find a home in and around grim riverbeds. 

Animal: HAMAROO 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the hamster and the kangaroo.  
Description: The hamaroo is bigger than your average pheasant. It eats parrot and breeds in damp riverbeds. 

Animal: HAMJAY 
Origin: A hybrid of the hamster and the jay.  
Description: The hamjay is is not quite as big as a baby squid. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the aardvark and will find a home in and around grim shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: HAMON 
Origin: A hybrid of the hamster and the lion.  
Description: The hamon is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of loris. It is a parasite of the alpaca and will find a home in and around grim moss patties. 

Animal: HAMPHIN 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the hamster and the dolphin.  
Description: The hamphin is similar in size to the cormorant. It finds solace in the den of the finch and will find a home in and around gross but not altogether repulsive shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: HAMSEL 
Origin: A mashup between the hamster and the weasel.  
Description: The hamsel is bigger than your average stingray. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single gorilla and breeds in murky riverbeds. 

Animal: HAMTHER 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the hamster and the panther.  
Description: The hamther is fifty times larger than the standard seahorse. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of pony and can only survive in the proximity of tepid exotic dungeons. 

Animal: HAODILE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the hare and the crocodile.  
Description: The haodile is is not quite as big as a baby elephant. It can swallow a whole lark and lives by sour smelling trundle beds. 

Animal: HAOG 
Origin: A mashup between the hawk and the frog.  
Description: The haog is similar in size to the shrimp. It regularly feeds on dragonfly and can be found around murky trundle beds. 

Animal: HAROT 
Origin: A marriage between the hawk and the parrot.  
Description: The harot is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of buffalo. It is a parasite of the camel and lives by fluorescent shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: HASH 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the hawk and the fish.  
Description: The hash is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature donkey. It can be far more intimidating than an elder lemur and can be found around lime scented trundle beds. 

Animal: HAUSE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the hawk and the mouse.  
Description: The hause is more massive than five red panda. It eats peafowl and will only thrive in fluorescent riverbeds. 

Animal: HEA FOWL 
Origin: A marriage between the heron and the guinea fowl.  
Description: The hea fowl is much smaller than an average chicken. It can be far more intimidating than an elder sheep and can only survive in the proximity of damp riverbeds. 

Animal: HEAKE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the heron and the snake.  
Description: The heake is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of wolf. It eats turtle and can be found around lime scented exotic dungeons. 

Animal: HEAMA 
Origin: A mashup between the heron and the llama.  
Description: The heama is more massive than five elk. It lives on the waste of the woodcock and breeds in stinky shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: HEDEER 
Origin: A mashup between the heron and the red deer.  
Description: The hedeer is sometimes found towering over even the tallest emu. It can make a sound like a grouse and lives by cold underground dwellings. 

Animal: HEDGBUFFALO 
Origin: A marriage between the hedgehog and the water buffalo.  
Description: The hedgbuffalo is bigger than your average caribou. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single cockroach and is likely to be found alongside stinky riverbeds. 

Animal: HEDGINGALE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the hedgehog and the nightingale.  
Description: The hedgingale is smaller than a typical seal. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of oyster and will find a home in and around stinky underground dwellings. 

Animal: HEDGKEY 
Origin: A hybrid of the hedgehog and the turkey.  
Description: The hedgkey is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature rook. It eats walrus and can only survive in the proximity of damp shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: HEDGLING 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the hedgehog and the starling.  
Description: The hedgling is sometimes found towering over even the tallest swan. It lives on the waste of the buffalo and breeds in vast and favorable underwater bunkers. 

Animal: HEDGLION 
Origin: A marriage between the hedgehog and the sea lion.  
Description: The hedglion is is over all squishier than the male gorilla. It lives on the waste of the okapi and will only thrive in damp riverbeds. 

Animal: HEDGOTAMUS 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the hedgehog and the hippopotamus.  
Description: The hedgotamus is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown jellyfish. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of squirrel and is likely to be found alongside stinky holes in the ground. 

Animal: HEDGRCHIN 
Origin: A mashup between the hedgehog and the sea urchin.  
Description: The hedgrchin is much smaller than an average cheetah. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the manatee and breeds in damp underground dwellings. 

Animal: HEDGRREL 
Origin: A hybrid of the hedgehog and the squirrel.  
Description: The hedgrrel is is over all squishier than the male cod. It finds solace in the den of the toad and will find a home in and around damp seashores. 

Animal: HEDGSP 
Origin: A hybrid of the hedgehog and the wasp.  
Description: The hedgsp is is not quite as big as a baby gorilla. It can swallow a whole lyrebird and can only survive in the proximity of gross but not altogether repulsive exotic dungeons. 

Animal: HEEHOG 
Origin: A hybrid of the heron and the hedgehog.  
Description: The heehog is much smaller than an average manatee. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the dolphin and breeds in gross but not altogether repulsive underwater bunkers. 

Animal: HEOSE 
Origin: A mashup between the heron and the moose.  
Description: The heose is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent trout. It eats snail and can be found around damp trundle beds. 

Animal: HEOWL 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the heron and the owl.  
Description: The heowl is fifty times larger than the standard komodo dragon. It regularly feeds on weasel and is likely to be found alongside dank bogs. 

Animal: HERBIL 
Origin: A hybrid of the herring and the gerbil.  
Description: The herbil is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature parrot. It is a parasite of the oyster and can be found around windblown oceans. 

Animal: HIPPOPAPE 
Origin: A marriage between the hippopotamus and the ape.  
Description: The hippopape is more massive than five mouse. It eats alpaca and will only thrive in damp underwater bunkers. 

Animal: HIPPOPBRA 
Origin: A marriage between the hippopotamus and the zebra.  
Description: The hippopbra is is not quite as big as a baby badger. It finds solace in the den of the raccoon and will find a home in and around gross but not altogether repulsive crypts. 

Animal: HIPPOPDEER 
Origin: A marriage between the hippopotamus and the red deer.  
Description: The hippopdeer is is over all squishier than the male eagle. It finds solace in the den of the toad and is likely to be found alongside salty seashores. 

Animal: HIPPOPLARD 
Origin: A marriage between the hippopotamus and the mallard.  
Description: The hippoplard is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown lyrebird. It can make a sound like a snail and will only thrive in grim oceans. 

Animal: HIPPOPLE 
Origin: A mashup between the hippopotamus and the mule.  
Description: The hippople is similar in size to the porcupine. It regularly feeds on chicken and lives by freezing trundle beds. 

Animal: HIPPOPPANDA 
Origin: A marriage between the hippopotamus and the red panda.  
Description: The hippoppanda is similar in size to the alpaca. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of goat and will only thrive in dank underground dwellings. 

Animal: HIPPOPVE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the hippopotamus and the dove.  
Description: The hippopve is fifty times larger than the standard beaver. It finds solace in the den of the beaver and lives by humid rivers. 

Animal: HOELK 
Origin: A hybrid of the horse and the elk.  
Description: The hoelk is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent reindeer. It can be far more intimidating than an elder llama and is likely to be found alongside murky trundle beds. 

Animal: HOOON 
Origin: A mashup between the horse and the baboon.  
Description: The hooon is sometimes found towering over even the tallest ape. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the donkey and is likely to be found alongside humid seashores. 

Animal: HOOTAMUS 
Origin: A marriage between the horse and the hippopotamus.  
Description: The hootamus is is over all squishier than the male chinchilla. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the antelope and will only thrive in windblown shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: HOPARD 
Origin: A mashup between the horse and the leopard.  
Description: The hopard is fifty times larger than the standard clam. It eats stork and will only thrive in lime scented exotic dungeons. 

Animal: HORAKE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the hornet and the snake.  
Description: The horake is sometimes found towering over even the tallest manatee. It lives on the waste of the dinosaur and is known to frequent gross but not altogether repulsive underwater bunkers. 

Animal: HORAT 
Origin: A marriage between the hornet and the goat.  
Description: The horat is bigger than your average guinea pig. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single seahorse and can be found around grim crypts. 

Animal: HOROISE 
Origin: A hybrid of the hornet and the porpoise.  
Description: The horoise is fifty times larger than the standard clam. It finds solace in the den of the herring and can be found around cold trundle beds. 

Animal: HORSANT 
Origin: A hybrid of the hornet and the pheasant.  
Description: The horsant is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of stork. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of giant panda and can be found around grim bogs. 

Animal: HORTLE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the hornet and the turtle.  
Description: The hortle is similar in size to the starling. It can be far more intimidating than an elder cockroach and will only thrive in damp trundle beds. 

Animal: HORWHAL 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the hornet and the narwhal.  
Description: The horwhal is fifty times larger than the standard marten. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty pheasant and is capable of spending its entire life by salty crypts. 

Animal: HUANDER 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the human and the salamander.  
Description: The huander is bigger than your average squirrel. It is a parasite of the ant and is likely to be found alongside gross but not altogether repulsive underground dwellings. 

Animal: HUAPE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the human and the ape.  
Description: The huape is sometimes found towering over even the tallest wolverine. It finds solace in the den of the caribou and can be found around gross but not altogether repulsive bogs. 

Animal: HUCOD 
Origin: A hybrid of the human and the cod.  
Description: The hucod is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature sea urchin. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the turtle and can be found around stinky trundle beds. 

Animal: HUFOWL 
Origin: A marriage between the human and the peafowl.  
Description: The hufowl is is over all squishier than the male monkey. It regularly feeds on penguin and will only thrive in damp exotic dungeons. 

Animal: HUFOWL 
Origin: A mashup between the human and the peafowl.  
Description: The hufowl is much smaller than an average louse. It eats goldfish and can be found around damp underwater bunkers. 

Animal: HUMITE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the human and the termite.  
Description: The humite is fifty times larger than the standard alpaca. It finds solace in the den of the anteater and is likely to be found alongside grim moss patties. 

Animal: HUMMIAD 
Origin: A marriage between the hummingbird and the toad.  
Description: The hummiad is bigger than your average coyote. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of sardine and will find a home in and around salty shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: HUMMIANE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the hummingbird and the crane.  
Description: The hummiane is bigger than your average lobster. It is a parasite of the jay, blue and is known to frequent dank trundle beds. 

Animal: HUMMIAT 
Origin: A mashup between the hummingbird and the gnat.  
Description: The hummiat is fifty times larger than the standard chicken. It finds solace in the den of the pelican and is likely to be found alongside lime scented holes in the ground. 

Animal: HUMMICON 
Origin: A mashup between the hummingbird and the falcon.  
Description: The hummicon is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature anteater. It is a parasite of the mink and lives by humid riverbeds. 

Animal: HUMMIDER 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the hummingbird and the spider.  
Description: The hummider is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent crocodile. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single crane and is likely to be found alongside humid shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: HUMMIILLA 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the hummingbird and the gorilla.  
Description: The hummiilla is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent aardvark. It can be far more intimidating than an elder walrus and will only thrive in lime scented riverbeds. 

Animal: HUMMILARD 
Origin: A marriage between the hummingbird and the mallard.  
Description: The hummilard is bigger than your average hare. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of dolphin and will only thrive in windblown riverbeds. 

Animal: HUMMIODILE 
Origin: A hybrid of the hummingbird and the crocodile.  
Description: The hummiodile is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown aardvark. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single newt and is likely to be found alongside murky underground dwellings. 

Animal: HUMMIUPINE 
Origin: A marriage between the hummingbird and the porcupine.  
Description: The hummiupine is bigger than your average baboon. It lives on the waste of the lion and will find a home in and around damp underwater bunkers. 

Animal: HUOK 
Origin: A mashup between the human and the rook.  
Description: The huok is smaller than a typical ferret. It lives on the waste of the horse and is likely to be found alongside whimsical trundle beds. 

Animal: HUOK 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the human and the rook.  
Description: The huok is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown peafowl. It can make a sound like a deer and will find a home in and around vast and favorable oceans. 

Animal: HUVEN 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the human and the raven.  
Description: The huven is is over all squishier than the male jackal. It can swallow a whole red panda and is known to frequent damp shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: HY DRAGON 
Origin: A mashup between the hyena and the komodo dragon.  
Description: The hy dragon is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown wasp. It regularly feeds on pelican and is known to frequent damp moss patties. 

Animal: HYAROO 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the hyena and the kangaroo.  
Description: The hyaroo is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of prairie dog. It can be far more intimidating than an elder armadillo and will only thrive in tepid bogs. 

Animal: HYATER 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the hyena and the anteater.  
Description: The hyater is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent horse. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of whale and lives by grim bogs. 

Animal: HYEEP 
Origin: A hybrid of the hyena and the sheep.  
Description: The hyeep is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown dog. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the porcupine and is capable of spending its entire life by fluorescent riverbeds. 

Animal: HYHOPPER 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the hyena and the grasshopper.  
Description: The hyhopper is smaller than a typical deer. It can be far more intimidating than an elder leopard and can be found around damp seashores. 

Animal: HYMON 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the hyena and the salmon.  
Description: The hymon is is not quite as big as a baby wolverine. It can swallow a whole beaver and is capable of spending its entire life by murky creeks. 

Animal: HYNT SEAL 
Origin: A hybrid of the hyena and the elephant seal.  
Description: The hynt seal is more massive than five skunk. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of shrew and lives by gross but not altogether repulsive underwater bunkers. 

Animal: HYRUS 
Origin: A mashup between the hyena and the walrus.  
Description: The hyrus is is over all squishier than the male gull. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the clam and lives by murky creeks. 

Animal: HYSTER 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the hyena and the hamster.  
Description: The hyster is is over all squishier than the male grouse. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of elephant and will only thrive in gross but not altogether repulsive holes in the ground. 

Animal: JACAM 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the jackal and the clam.  
Description: The jacam is more massive than five walrus. It eats mink and can be found around windblown underground dwellings. 

Animal: JACAMA 
Origin: A marriage between the jackal and the llama.  
Description: The jacama is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown sandpiper. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of mosquito and is known to frequent dank seashores. 

Animal: JACAMA 
Origin: A mashup between the jackal and the llama.  
Description: The jacama is smaller than a typical stingray. It lives on the waste of the swan and breeds in whimsical moss patties. 

Animal: JACBAT 
Origin: A mashup between the jackal and the bat.  
Description: The jacbat is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of sheep. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the prairie dog and can be found around grim crypts. 

Animal: JACEEL 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the jackal and the eel.  
Description: The jaceel is fifty times larger than the standard monkey. It can be far more intimidating than an elder lemur and can be found around fluorescent creeks. 

Animal: JACFISH 
Origin: A hybrid of the jackal and the goldfish.  
Description: The jacfish is much smaller than an average chinchilla. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single cobra and is likely to be found alongside fluorescent trundle beds. 

Animal: JACLARD 
Origin: A hybrid of the jackal and the mallard.  
Description: The jaclard is similar in size to the fox. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single skunk and can be found around freezing underwater bunkers. 

Animal: JACNT SEAL 
Origin: A marriage between the jackal and the elephant seal.  
Description: The jacnt seal is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown goldfish. It regularly feeds on squirrel and will only thrive in grim rivers. 

Animal: JACRIDGE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the jackal and the partridge.  
Description: The jacridge is more massive than five turkey. It is a parasite of the bee and will only thrive in lime scented moss patties. 

Animal: JAGAR 
Origin: A marriage between the jaguar and the boar.  
Description: The jagar is similar in size to the mosquito. It regularly feeds on dog and will only thrive in grim seashores. 

Animal: JAGAR 
Origin: A mashup between the jaguar and the bear.  
Description: The jagar is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of cattle. It can be far more intimidating than an elder ant and is likely to be found alongside humid underwater bunkers. 

Animal: JAGEHOG 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the jaguar and the hedgehog.  
Description: The jagehog is similar in size to the raven. It can be far more intimidating than an elder porpoise and can only survive in the proximity of fluorescent exotic dungeons. 

Animal: JAGIBOU 
Origin: A mashup between the jaguar and the caribou.  
Description: The jagibou is smaller than a typical whale. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of seal and is known to frequent humid underwater bunkers. 

Animal: JAGMEL 
Origin: A marriage between the jaguar and the camel.  
Description: The jagmel is smaller than a typical otter. It finds solace in the den of the ram and lives by tepid oceans. 

Animal: JAGPHIN 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the jaguar and the dolphin.  
Description: The jagphin is fifty times larger than the standard caribou. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the hare and lives by tepid moss patties. 

Animal: JAGRET 
Origin: A marriage between the jaguar and the ferret.  
Description: The jagret is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown hyena. It can make a sound like a moose and can be found around tepid oceans. 

Animal: JAGRKAT 
Origin: A mashup between the jaguar and the meerkat.  
Description: The jagrkat is smaller than a typical sand dollar. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the meerkat and is likely to be found alongside freezing exotic dungeons. 

Animal: JAY,AR 
Origin: A hybrid of the jay, blue and the bear.  
Description: The jay,ar is more massive than five anteater. It can be far more intimidating than an elder prairie dog and can be found around murky moss patties. 

Animal: JAY,ASS 
Origin: A marriage between the jay, blue and the ass.  
Description: The jay,ass is smaller than a typical gazelle. It regularly feeds on viper and will find a home in and around vast and favorable crypts. 

Animal: JAY,BUFFALO 
Origin: A marriage between the jay, blue and the water buffalo.  
Description: The jay,buffalo is smaller than a typical skunk. It finds solace in the den of the anteater and breeds in lime scented exotic dungeons. 

Animal: JAY,IBOU 
Origin: A mashup between the jay, blue and the caribou.  
Description: The jay,ibou is much smaller than an average dolphin. It regularly feeds on llama and is capable of spending its entire life by fluorescent creeks. 

Animal: JAY,LL 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the jay, blue and the gull.  
Description: The jay,ll is similar in size to the loris. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single grasshopper and can be found around grim underground dwellings. 

Animal: JAY,NK 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the jay, blue and the mink.  
Description: The jay,nk is more massive than five coyote. It finds solace in the den of the rook and lives by dank rivers. 

Animal: JAY,SEL 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the jay, blue and the weasel.  
Description: The jay,sel is much smaller than an average chimpanzee. It can make a sound like a otter and can be found around damp exotic dungeons. 

Animal: JAY,USE 
Origin: A marriage between the jay, blue and the mouse.  
Description: The jay,use is much smaller than an average crow. It can be far more intimidating than an elder ox and is known to frequent sour smelling bogs. 

Animal: JAYFOX 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the jay and the fox.  
Description: The jayfox is much smaller than an average koala. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the woodcock and is capable of spending its entire life by windblown crypts. 

Animal: JAYLABY 
Origin: A hybrid of the jay and the wallaby.  
Description: The jaylaby is more massive than five lark. It finds solace in the den of the jay and will only thrive in grim rivers. 

Animal: JAYPER 
Origin: A mashup between the jay and the viper.  
Description: The jayper is smaller than a typical albatross. It regularly feeds on nightingale and can only survive in the proximity of gross but not altogether repulsive oceans. 

Animal: JAYUID 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the jay and the squid.  
Description: The jayuid is much smaller than an average bison. It is a parasite of the rabbit and is known to frequent cold trundle beds. 

Animal: JELLANDER 
Origin: A mashup between the jellyfish and the salamander.  
Description: The jellander is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature albatross. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the trout and breeds in lime scented underwater bunkers. 

Animal: JELLBAT 
Origin: A marriage between the jellyfish and the wombat.  
Description: The jellbat is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown dinosaur. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of raccoon and is known to frequent salty creeks. 

Animal: JELLERFLY 
Origin: A marriage between the jellyfish and the butterfly.  
Description: The jellerfly is smaller than a typical raccoon. It can swallow a whole kangaroo and is likely to be found alongside whimsical oceans. 

Animal: JELLWHAL 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the jellyfish and the narwhal.  
Description: The jellwhal is similar in size to the shark. It can make a sound like a ferret and will find a home in and around lime scented holes in the ground. 

Animal: KANGATEE 
Origin: A marriage between the kangaroo and the manatee.  
Description: The kangatee is is not quite as big as a baby armadillo. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single hyena and is known to frequent salty oceans. 

Animal: KANGBIL 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the kangaroo and the gerbil.  
Description: The kangbil is fifty times larger than the standard monkey. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single alligator and breeds in cold underground dwellings. 

Animal: KANGDEER 
Origin: A mashup between the kangaroo and the red deer.  
Description: The kangdeer is sometimes found towering over even the tallest swan. It lives on the waste of the salmon and can be found around grim exotic dungeons. 

Animal: KANGKEY 
Origin: A marriage between the kangaroo and the turkey.  
Description: The kangkey is bigger than your average manatee. It regularly feeds on cattle and can be found around dank rivers. 

Animal: KANGORANT 
Origin: A mashup between the kangaroo and the cormorant.  
Description: The kangorant is similar in size to the anteater. It lives on the waste of the reindeer and is likely to be found alongside damp seashores. 

Animal: KANGRCHIN 
Origin: A hybrid of the kangaroo and the sea urchin.  
Description: The kangrchin is is not quite as big as a baby camel. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of ant and breeds in lime scented shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: KOGNU 
Origin: A marriage between the koala and the gnu.  
Description: The kognu is much smaller than an average goat. It finds solace in the den of the komodo dragon and will find a home in and around vast and favorable holes in the ground. 

Animal: KOLARD 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the koala and the mallard.  
Description: The kolard is sometimes found towering over even the tallest beaver. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty flamingo and lives by freezing moss patties. 

Animal: KOMODOAPI 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the komodo dragon and the okapi.  
Description: The komodoapi is more massive than five lark. It finds solace in the den of the human and is likely to be found alongside humid seashores. 

Animal: KOMODOCOD 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the komodo dragon and the cod.  
Description: The komodocod is bigger than your average kudu. It regularly feeds on magpie and can only survive in the proximity of vast and favorable riverbeds. 

Animal: KOMODOLABY 
Origin: A mashup between the komodo dragon and the wallaby.  
Description: The komodolaby is similar in size to the llama. It is a parasite of the fox and is known to frequent grim underwater bunkers. 

Animal: KOMODORUS 
Origin: A hybrid of the komodo dragon and the walrus.  
Description: The komodorus is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of mole. It is a parasite of the scorpion and is known to frequent stinky holes in the ground. 

Animal: KONGBIRD 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the koala and the hummingbird.  
Description: The kongbird is bigger than your average grouse. It can make a sound like a barracuda and lives by cold seashores. 

Animal: KUGNU 
Origin: A marriage between the kudu and the gnu.  
Description: The kugnu is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of seal. It finds solace in the den of the rhinoceros and is known to frequent damp creeks. 

Animal: KUINGO 
Origin: A mashup between the kudu and the flamingo.  
Description: The kuingo is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of bison. It can swallow a whole cobra and can only survive in the proximity of murky underwater bunkers. 

Animal: KUREW 
Origin: A marriage between the kudu and the shrew.  
Description: The kurew is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent aardvark. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the locust and will find a home in and around sour smelling trundle beds. 

Animal: KURON 
Origin: A marriage between the kudu and the heron.  
Description: The kuron is is not quite as big as a baby porpoise. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single anteater and can only survive in the proximity of salty shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: KUSAUR 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the kudu and the dinosaur.  
Description: The kusaur is is not quite as big as a baby sea urchin. It regularly feeds on camel and lives by gross but not altogether repulsive oceans. 

Animal: KUTER 
Origin: A mashup between the kudu and the oyster.  
Description: The kuter is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature dogfish. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single emu and is known to frequent cold riverbeds. 

Animal: KUUID 
Origin: A marriage between the kudu and the squid.  
Description: The kuuid is smaller than a typical albatross. It is a parasite of the caribou and can only survive in the proximity of fluorescent riverbeds. 

Animal: KUVE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the kudu and the dove.  
Description: The kuve is much smaller than an average bat. It can swallow a whole ant and lives by humid seashores. 

Animal: KUWT 
Origin: A marriage between the kudu and the newt.  
Description: The kuwt is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent finch. It eats ape and is capable of spending its entire life by sour smelling underwater bunkers. 

Animal: KUYAK 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the kudu and the yak.  
Description: The kuyak is smaller than a typical chimpanzee. It can swallow a whole pheasant and is capable of spending its entire life by salty bogs. 

Animal: LAALA 
Origin: A hybrid of the lark and the koala.  
Description: The laala is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature swan. It regularly feeds on rat and is likely to be found alongside humid creeks. 

Animal: LAANDER 
Origin: A mashup between the lark and the salamander.  
Description: The laander is similar in size to the lion. It is a parasite of the lyrebird and can only survive in the proximity of freezing riverbeds. 

Animal: LAANDER 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the lark and the salamander.  
Description: The laander is much smaller than an average seahorse. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of goldfish and breeds in tepid trundle beds. 

Animal: LABIL 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the lark and the gerbil.  
Description: The labil is is over all squishier than the male shrimp. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty elephant seal and can be found around lime scented underground dwellings. 

Animal: LACOON 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the lark and the raccoon.  
Description: The lacoon is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown salamander. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty lion and is capable of spending its entire life by vast and favorable seashores. 

Animal: LAKEY 
Origin: A mashup between the lark and the turkey.  
Description: The lakey is is not quite as big as a baby turtle. It finds solace in the den of the heron and can be found around humid riverbeds. 

Animal: LAKEY 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the lark and the turkey.  
Description: The lakey is much smaller than an average ferret. It can swallow a whole frog and breeds in grim underground dwellings. 

Animal: LALE 
Origin: A marriage between the lark and the mule.  
Description: The lale is is over all squishier than the male sea urchin. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty moose and is capable of spending its entire life by stinky oceans. 

Animal: LAORSE 
Origin: A hybrid of the lark and the seahorse.  
Description: The laorse is sometimes found towering over even the tallest goose. It can be far more intimidating than an elder parrot and breeds in grim shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: LAOUT 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the lark and the trout.  
Description: The laout is much smaller than an average human. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single kangaroo and is likely to be found alongside freezing bogs. 

Animal: LAOW 
Origin: A hybrid of the lark and the crow.  
Description: The laow is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent cat. It lives on the waste of the quail and is capable of spending its entire life by cold rivers. 

Animal: LASP 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the lark and the wasp.  
Description: The lasp is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature snake. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of vulture and can only survive in the proximity of fluorescent creeks. 

Animal: LECOD 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the lemur and the cod.  
Description: The lecod is more massive than five red panda. It can swallow a whole walrus and is known to frequent grim underground dwellings. 

Animal: LEFALO 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the lemur and the buffalo.  
Description: The lefalo is much smaller than an average sea urchin. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the badger and will find a home in and around whimsical underwater bunkers. 

Animal: LENET 
Origin: A mashup between the lemur and the hornet.  
Description: The lenet is smaller than a typical eel. It can make a sound like a raven and will only thrive in windblown moss patties. 

Animal: LENT SEAL 
Origin: A marriage between the lemur and the elephant seal.  
Description: The lent seal is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of marten. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the cod and can only survive in the proximity of freezing underground dwellings. 

Animal: LEO DRAGON 
Origin: A marriage between the leopard and the komodo dragon.  
Description: The leo dragon is more massive than five llama. It finds solace in the den of the mule and breeds in tepid creeks. 

Animal: LEOAB 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the leopard and the crab.  
Description: The leoab is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature beaver. It is a parasite of the reindeer and can be found around salty trundle beds. 

Animal: LEOBRA 
Origin: A hybrid of the leopard and the zebra.  
Description: The leobra is is over all squishier than the male weasel. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of turkey and lives by windblown underground dwellings. 

Animal: LEOENA 
Origin: A hybrid of the leopard and the hyena.  
Description: The leoena is smaller than a typical penguin. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single gazelle and is known to frequent fluorescent rivers. 

Animal: LEOGER 
Origin: A hybrid of the leopard and the badger.  
Description: The leoger is is over all squishier than the male eel. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of mouse and is known to frequent vast and favorable moss patties. 

Animal: LEOTE 
Origin: A mashup between the lemur and the coyote.  
Description: The leote is is over all squishier than the male chinchilla. It can make a sound like a hamster and is likely to be found alongside salty moss patties. 

Animal: LEOTLE 
Origin: A marriage between the leopard and the cattle.  
Description: The leotle is smaller than a typical sea lion. It eats butterfly and is known to frequent salty creeks. 

Animal: LERCHIN 
Origin: A marriage between the lemur and the sea urchin.  
Description: The lerchin is more massive than five yak. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of weasel and will only thrive in vast and favorable oceans. 

Animal: LERIDGE 
Origin: A mashup between the lemur and the partridge.  
Description: The leridge is is not quite as big as a baby trout. It is a parasite of the seal and is known to frequent murky trundle beds. 

Animal: LESTER 
Origin: A mashup between the lemur and the hamster.  
Description: The lester is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent alligator. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the bison and lives by vast and favorable underwater bunkers. 

Animal: LI DRAGON 
Origin: A hybrid of the lion and the komodo dragon.  
Description: The li dragon is is not quite as big as a baby flamingo. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the shrimp and will find a home in and around tepid holes in the ground. 

Animal: LIANDER 
Origin: A marriage between the lion and the salamander.  
Description: The liander is more massive than five falcon. It can be far more intimidating than an elder dinosaur and is known to frequent tepid seashores. 

Animal: LIANZEE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the lion and the chimpanzee.  
Description: The lianzee is similar in size to the penguin. It can be far more intimidating than an elder turkey and lives by windblown trundle beds. 

Animal: LIDER 
Origin: A hybrid of the lion and the spider.  
Description: The lider is is not quite as big as a baby zebra. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of shrimp and will only thrive in lime scented exotic dungeons. 

Animal: LIIE DOG 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the lion and the prairie dog.  
Description: The liie dog is similar in size to the ostrich. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the reindeer and lives by humid shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: LIMEL 
Origin: A mashup between the lion and the camel.  
Description: The limel is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature dinosaur. It can be far more intimidating than an elder leopard and is capable of spending its entire life by tepid rivers. 

Animal: LIPARD 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the lion and the leopard.  
Description: The lipard is similar in size to the crocodile. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the narwhal and is capable of spending its entire life by tepid seashores. 

Animal: LIPIE 
Origin: A marriage between the lion and the magpie.  
Description: The lipie is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent flamingo. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single fox and is known to frequent stinky underground dwellings. 

Animal: LIRSE 
Origin: A mashup between the lion and the horse.  
Description: The lirse is sometimes found towering over even the tallest dinosaur. It can make a sound like a shrew and is capable of spending its entire life by gross but not altogether repulsive crypts. 

Animal: LLECKER 
Origin: A marriage between the llama and the woodpecker.  
Description: The llecker is smaller than a typical caterpillar. It is a parasite of the jaguar and will only thrive in grim holes in the ground. 

Animal: LLFINCH 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the llama and the goldfinch.  
Description: The llfinch is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of gazelle. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of sardine and is capable of spending its entire life by stinky oceans. 

Animal: LLMITE 
Origin: A hybrid of the llama and the termite.  
Description: The llmite is is over all squishier than the male cheetah. It can be far more intimidating than an elder lark and is capable of spending its entire life by vast and favorable crypts. 

Animal: LLNGBIRD 
Origin: A hybrid of the llama and the hummingbird.  
Description: The llngbird is bigger than your average seal. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of hornet and is capable of spending its entire life by windblown shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: LLOX 
Origin: A marriage between the llama and the ox.  
Description: The llox is is not quite as big as a baby seahorse. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the eagle and will only thrive in salty oceans. 

Animal: LLRICH 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the llama and the ostrich.  
Description: The llrich is sometimes found towering over even the tallest llama. It can be far more intimidating than an elder wasp and is capable of spending its entire life by cold creeks. 

Animal: LLRKAT 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the llama and the meerkat.  
Description: The llrkat is much smaller than an average turkey. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the yak and will only thrive in cold crypts. 

Animal: LLVE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the llama and the dove.  
Description: The llve is is not quite as big as a baby caterpillar. It lives on the waste of the antelope and will find a home in and around salty underwater bunkers. 

Animal: LOACUDA 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the louse and the barracuda.  
Description: The loacuda is fifty times larger than the standard raccoon. It can swallow a whole jay and will only thrive in gross but not altogether repulsive oceans. 

Animal: LOALE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the loris and the whale.  
Description: The loale is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature bear. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of goldfinch and is known to frequent freezing shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: LOATEE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the loris and the manatee.  
Description: The loatee is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown horse. It eats octopus and can only survive in the proximity of dank creeks. 

Animal: LOB PANDA 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the lobster and the giant panda.  
Description: The lob panda is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown jay. It finds solace in the den of the armadillo and is capable of spending its entire life by grim crypts. 

Animal: LOBBIRD 
Origin: A hybrid of the lobster and the lyrebird.  
Description: The lobbird is smaller than a typical zebra. It can swallow a whole woodpecker and will find a home in and around windblown bogs. 

Animal: LOBIT 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the loris and the rabbit.  
Description: The lobit is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown cockroach. It eats sea urchin and is capable of spending its entire life by windblown bogs. 

Animal: LOBMEL 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the lobster and the camel.  
Description: The lobmel is fifty times larger than the standard fox. It is a parasite of the stinkbug and can only survive in the proximity of windblown underwater bunkers. 

Animal: LOBMUR 
Origin: A marriage between the lobster and the lemur.  
Description: The lobmur is similar in size to the nightingale. It eats grasshopper and can be found around cold creeks. 

Animal: LOBOSE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the lobster and the moose.  
Description: The lobose is smaller than a typical anteater. It eats antelope and can only survive in the proximity of stinky rivers. 

Animal: LOBSH 
Origin: A marriage between the lobster and the fish.  
Description: The lobsh is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent caribou. It regularly feeds on frog and is likely to be found alongside dank bogs. 

Animal: LOBWK 
Origin: A mashup between the lobster and the hawk.  
Description: The lobwk is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown opossum. It can swallow a whole ox and can be found around sour smelling trundle beds. 

Animal: LOCAT 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the loris and the cat.  
Description: The locat is much smaller than an average elephant. It is a parasite of the woodcock and can be found around windblown crypts. 

Animal: LOCCON 
Origin: A marriage between the locust and the falcon.  
Description: The loccon is fifty times larger than the standard monkey. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of elephant seal and will only thrive in whimsical trundle beds. 

Animal: LOCEROS 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the louse and the rhinoceros.  
Description: The loceros is much smaller than an average cattle. It can make a sound like a walrus and is likely to be found alongside dank underground dwellings. 

Animal: LOCETAH 
Origin: A hybrid of the locust and the cheetah.  
Description: The locetah is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent armadillo. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single guinea pig and will find a home in and around murky oceans. 

Animal: LOCPILLAR 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the locust and the caterpillar.  
Description: The locpillar is similar in size to the salamander. It regularly feeds on elephant seal and breeds in whimsical riverbeds. 

Animal: LOCRET 
Origin: A mashup between the locust and the ferret.  
Description: The locret is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent oyster. It can make a sound like a chimpanzee and will find a home in and around damp seashores. 

Animal: LODEER 
Origin: A mashup between the loris and the reindeer.  
Description: The lodeer is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent camel. It can be far more intimidating than an elder fly and lives by fluorescent trundle beds. 

Animal: LODOG 
Origin: A marriage between the loris and the dog.  
Description: The lodog is bigger than your average bee. It regularly feeds on sandpiper and is likely to be found alongside whimsical trundle beds. 

Animal: LOEHOG 
Origin: A hybrid of the louse and the hedgehog.  
Description: The loehog is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of salmon. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty hedgehog and will only thrive in whimsical moss patties. 

Animal: LOGER 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the loris and the tiger.  
Description: The loger is similar in size to the crow. It can swallow a whole mule and is capable of spending its entire life by murky seashores. 

Animal: LOORK 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the loris and the stork.  
Description: The loork is is over all squishier than the male hippopotamus. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty ox and is capable of spending its entire life by tepid oceans. 

Animal: LOOTE 
Origin: A mashup between the loris and the coyote.  
Description: The loote is smaller than a typical mink. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of alpaca and can only survive in the proximity of lime scented seashores. 

Animal: LORING 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the loris and the herring.  
Description: The loring is bigger than your average frog. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single manatee and is likely to be found alongside sour smelling creeks. 

Animal: LOROT 
Origin: A mashup between the loris and the parrot.  
Description: The lorot is more massive than five cockroach. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty viper and is likely to be found alongside gross but not altogether repulsive holes in the ground. 

Animal: LOUITO 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the loris and the mosquito.  
Description: The louito is similar in size to the gnat. It can swallow a whole goose and is known to frequent gross but not altogether repulsive seashores. 

Animal: LYRECAT 
Origin: A mashup between the lyrebird and the cat.  
Description: The lyrecat is bigger than your average elephant. It can swallow a whole pheasant and breeds in stinky underground dwellings. 

Animal: LYRECEROS 
Origin: A mashup between the lyrebird and the rhinoceros.  
Description: The lyreceros is more massive than five penguin. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of hedgehog and lives by stinky creeks. 

Animal: LYREDER 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the lyrebird and the spider.  
Description: The lyreder is smaller than a typical fish. It is a parasite of the wolverine and will find a home in and around dank seashores. 

Animal: LYREHILLA 
Origin: A hybrid of the lyrebird and the chinchilla.  
Description: The lyrehilla is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature camel. It can be far more intimidating than an elder opossum and is known to frequent windblown trundle beds. 

Animal: LYREKBUG 
Origin: A hybrid of the lyrebird and the stinkbug.  
Description: The lyrekbug is much smaller than an average marten. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty quail and will find a home in and around dank trundle beds. 

Animal: LYRESTER 
Origin: A mashup between the lyrebird and the hamster.  
Description: The lyrester is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent oryx. It lives on the waste of the mouse and is likely to be found alongside grim bogs. 

Animal: LYREUPINE 
Origin: A marriage between the lyrebird and the porcupine.  
Description: The lyreupine is bigger than your average chimpanzee. It regularly feeds on sheep and is likely to be found alongside salty trundle beds. 

Animal: MAGECKER 
Origin: A marriage between the magpie and the woodpecker.  
Description: The magecker is is over all squishier than the male vulture. It eats sheep and can only survive in the proximity of damp shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: MAGEMU 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the magpie and the emu.  
Description: The magemu is sometimes found towering over even the tallest porpoise. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of cat and can only survive in the proximity of damp underground dwellings. 

Animal: MAGINGALE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the magpie and the nightingale.  
Description: The magingale is sometimes found towering over even the tallest okapi. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of caribou and is capable of spending its entire life by sour smelling riverbeds. 

Animal: MAGKAL 
Origin: A mashup between the magpie and the jackal.  
Description: The magkal is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown swan. It regularly feeds on owl and can be found around vast and favorable shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: MAGSANT 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the magpie and the pheasant.  
Description: The magsant is much smaller than an average viper. It regularly feeds on komodo dragon and is capable of spending its entire life by murky holes in the ground. 

Animal: MALAN 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the mallard and the swan.  
Description: The malan is bigger than your average cat. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single coyote and will find a home in and around stinky rivers. 

Animal: MALAT 
Origin: A mashup between the mallard and the gnat.  
Description: The malat is sometimes found towering over even the tallest sheep. It eats toad and will only thrive in freezing exotic dungeons. 

Animal: MALATER 
Origin: A marriage between the mallard and the anteater.  
Description: The malater is fifty times larger than the standard cattle. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the pelican and is likely to be found alongside grim oceans. 

Animal: MALFOX 
Origin: A mashup between the mallard and the fox.  
Description: The malfox is similar in size to the gorilla. It can make a sound like a beaver and lives by windblown moss patties. 

Animal: MALMAN 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the mallard and the human.  
Description: The malman is bigger than your average wolverine. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the fly and can only survive in the proximity of gross but not altogether repulsive moss patties. 

Animal: MALNGBIRD 
Origin: A marriage between the mallard and the hummingbird.  
Description: The malngbird is much smaller than an average parrot. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of lark and is capable of spending its entire life by gross but not altogether repulsive oceans. 

Animal: MALORSE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the mallard and the seahorse.  
Description: The malorse is sometimes found towering over even the tallest ostrich. It can make a sound like a chinchilla and can only survive in the proximity of sour smelling rivers. 

Animal: MALOSE 
Origin: A marriage between the mallard and the goose.  
Description: The malose is is over all squishier than the male otter. It is a parasite of the emu and will only thrive in lime scented creeks. 

Animal: MALRET 
Origin: A marriage between the mallard and the ferret.  
Description: The malret is is not quite as big as a baby starling. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single mouse and breeds in salty bogs. 

Animal: MALRKAT 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the mallard and the meerkat.  
Description: The malrkat is sometimes found towering over even the tallest goat. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the lyrebird and will find a home in and around lime scented underwater bunkers. 

Animal: MANAT 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the manatee and the goat.  
Description: The manat is similar in size to the camel. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the elephant seal and will only thrive in whimsical shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: MANFALO 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the manatee and the buffalo.  
Description: The manfalo is sometimes found towering over even the tallest trout. It can swallow a whole dove and is known to frequent gross but not altogether repulsive rivers. 

Animal: MANKEY 
Origin: A hybrid of the manatee and the monkey.  
Description: The mankey is more massive than five leopard. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of bat and can only survive in the proximity of murky seashores. 

Animal: MANLARD 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the manatee and the mallard.  
Description: The manlard is bigger than your average owl. It can swallow a whole lemur and is known to frequent tepid seashores. 

Animal: MANOK 
Origin: A hybrid of the manatee and the rook.  
Description: The manok is is over all squishier than the male tiger. It can make a sound like a oyster and can only survive in the proximity of sour smelling trundle beds. 

Animal: MANUST 
Origin: A marriage between the manatee and the locust.  
Description: The manust is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent shark. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of tiger and can be found around dank moss patties. 

Animal: MANWHAL 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the manatee and the narwhal.  
Description: The manwhal is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent yak. It can swallow a whole hyena and is likely to be found alongside humid crypts. 

Animal: MAR PANDA 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the marten and the giant panda.  
Description: The mar panda is similar in size to the gerbil. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the cheetah and is known to frequent vast and favorable trundle beds. 

Animal: MARAT 
Origin: A hybrid of the marten and the gnat.  
Description: The marat is much smaller than an average fox. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of panther and is known to frequent tepid trundle beds. 

Animal: MARCKEN 
Origin: A marriage between the marten and the chicken.  
Description: The marcken is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature woodpecker. It lives on the waste of the chicken and breeds in cold bogs. 

Animal: MEEFINCH 
Origin: A hybrid of the meerkat and the goldfinch.  
Description: The meefinch is smaller than a typical dog. It eats badger and lives by damp underwater bunkers. 

Animal: MEEHOPPER 
Origin: A marriage between the meerkat and the grasshopper.  
Description: The meehopper is is not quite as big as a baby wallaby. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single wasp and is capable of spending its entire life by cold trundle beds. 

Animal: MEERET 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the meerkat and the ferret.  
Description: The meeret is smaller than a typical jay. It eats fish and breeds in salty bogs. 

Animal: MEEWT 
Origin: A mashup between the meerkat and the newt.  
Description: The meewt is is over all squishier than the male gorilla. It is a parasite of the boar and will only thrive in vast and favorable trundle beds. 

Animal: MIDINE 
Origin: A hybrid of the mink and the sardine.  
Description: The midine is much smaller than an average red panda. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the bison and can be found around grim moss patties. 

Animal: MIIBOU 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the mink and the caribou.  
Description: The miibou is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature moose. It can make a sound like a heron and is known to frequent cold moss patties. 

Animal: MISON 
Origin: A hybrid of the mink and the bison.  
Description: The mison is similar in size to the bee. It can swallow a whole bear and will only thrive in humid holes in the ground. 

Animal: MO PANDA 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the mole and the giant panda.  
Description: The mo panda is is not quite as big as a baby skunk. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of koala and will find a home in and around damp shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: MOAD 
Origin: A hybrid of the moose and the toad.  
Description: The moad is smaller than a typical oyster. It can make a sound like a woodcock and can only survive in the proximity of tepid moss patties. 

Animal: MOBIRD 
Origin: A marriage between the mouse and the lyrebird.  
Description: The mobird is similar in size to the sandpiper. It eats dove and can be found around salty exotic dungeons. 

Animal: MODINE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the mole and the sardine.  
Description: The modine is bigger than your average chicken. It can make a sound like a sandpiper and will find a home in and around humid exotic dungeons. 

Animal: MOECKER 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the moose and the woodpecker.  
Description: The moecker is sometimes found towering over even the tallest vulture. It eats dogfish and is likely to be found alongside salty trundle beds. 

Animal: MOEHOG 
Origin: A mashup between the moose and the hedgehog.  
Description: The moehog is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent clam. It finds solace in the den of the donkey and will find a home in and around freezing riverbeds. 

Animal: MOGATOR 
Origin: A mashup between the moose and the alligator.  
Description: The mogator is is not quite as big as a baby eel. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single narwhal and breeds in fluorescent holes in the ground. 

Animal: MOLORIS 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the mole and the slow loris.  
Description: The moloris is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent trout. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single lion and can be found around humid trundle beds. 

Animal: MONCON 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the monkey and the falcon.  
Description: The moncon is sometimes found towering over even the tallest ox. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty gull and is known to frequent tepid rivers. 

Animal: MONOISE 
Origin: A mashup between the monkey and the porpoise.  
Description: The monoise is sometimes found towering over even the tallest bee. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the koala and will only thrive in salty shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: MONOWL 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the monkey and the owl.  
Description: The monowl is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of penguin. It finds solace in the den of the shrew and is capable of spending its entire life by gross but not altogether repulsive moss patties. 

Animal: MONRCHIN 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the monkey and the sea urchin.  
Description: The monrchin is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown turkey. It can be far more intimidating than an elder seahorse and lives by gross but not altogether repulsive oceans. 

Animal: MONT SEAL 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the mole and the elephant seal.  
Description: The mont seal is fifty times larger than the standard stinkbug. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single crocodile and will only thrive in stinky trundle beds. 

Animal: MOORANT 
Origin: A hybrid of the mole and the cormorant.  
Description: The moorant is bigger than your average deer. It can be far more intimidating than an elder pheasant and is capable of spending its entire life by salty moss patties. 

Animal: MOOSE 
Origin: A hybrid of the mole and the goose.  
Description: The moose is smaller than a typical oryx. It finds solace in the den of the hyena and lives by whimsical rivers. 

Animal: MOPARD 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the moose and the leopard.  
Description: The mopard is much smaller than an average frog. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty pigeon and will only thrive in gross but not altogether repulsive creeks. 

Animal: MOPIG 
Origin: A marriage between the mouse and the pig.  
Description: The mopig is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent lyrebird. It eats flamingo and will only thrive in humid holes in the ground. 

Animal: MORM 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the mouse and the worm.  
Description: The morm is much smaller than an average boar. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of porpoise and will find a home in and around whimsical exotic dungeons. 

Animal: MORSE 
Origin: A mashup between the mole and the horse.  
Description: The morse is is over all squishier than the male loris. It finds solace in the den of the albatross and will find a home in and around sour smelling exotic dungeons. 

Animal: MOSQAB 
Origin: A mashup between the mosquito and the crab.  
Description: The mosqab is is not quite as big as a baby salamander. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty hedgehog and can be found around windblown exotic dungeons. 

Animal: MOSQANT 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the mosquito and the ant.  
Description: The mosqant is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of louse. It can be far more intimidating than an elder armadillo and will find a home in and around damp riverbeds. 

Animal: MOSQBAT 
Origin: A mashup between the mosquito and the bat.  
Description: The mosqbat is similar in size to the lemur. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single baboon and breeds in gross but not altogether repulsive riverbeds. 

Animal: MOSQCK 
Origin: A mashup between the mosquito and the duck.  
Description: The mosqck is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent rook. It can be far more intimidating than an elder dogfish and breeds in tepid seashores. 

Animal: MOSQEEL 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the mosquito and the eel.  
Description: The mosqeel is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent mosquito. It regularly feeds on dove and is capable of spending its entire life by windblown bogs. 

Animal: MOSQETAH 
Origin: A hybrid of the mosquito and the cheetah.  
Description: The mosqetah is similar in size to the giant panda. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single opossum and breeds in whimsical crypts. 

Animal: MOSQKBUG 
Origin: A marriage between the mosquito and the stinkbug.  
Description: The mosqkbug is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of clam. It can be far more intimidating than an elder bison and will find a home in and around humid oceans. 

Animal: MOSQREW 
Origin: A marriage between the mosquito and the shrew.  
Description: The mosqrew is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent shrimp. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the pheasant and will find a home in and around fluorescent seashores. 

Animal: MOUID 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the mouse and the squid.  
Description: The mouid is is over all squishier than the male hippopotamus. It is a parasite of the gull and will find a home in and around gross but not altogether repulsive shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: MOWK 
Origin: A hybrid of the moose and the hawk.  
Description: The mowk is is not quite as big as a baby hamster. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty viper and breeds in cold moss patties. 

Animal: MUGRAY 
Origin: A marriage between the mule and the stingray.  
Description: The mugray is is over all squishier than the male locust. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of ape and breeds in fluorescent rivers. 

Animal: MUKEY 
Origin: A marriage between the mule and the monkey.  
Description: The mukey is sometimes found towering over even the tallest pelican. It regularly feeds on bee and is known to frequent damp bogs. 

Animal: MUKEY 
Origin: A mashup between the mule and the monkey.  
Description: The mukey is is over all squishier than the male shark. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of peafowl and will only thrive in cold shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: MUNT SEAL 
Origin: A marriage between the mule and the elephant seal.  
Description: The munt seal is similar in size to the camel. It regularly feeds on rook and will find a home in and around stinky shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: MUORANT 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the mule and the cormorant.  
Description: The muorant is fifty times larger than the standard hummingbird. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of okapi and breeds in humid shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: NARAT 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the narwhal and the goat.  
Description: The narat is is over all squishier than the male cobra. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the bee and will find a home in and around lime scented oceans. 

Animal: NARLORIS 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the narwhal and the slow loris.  
Description: The narloris is fifty times larger than the standard guinea fowl. It can be far more intimidating than an elder heron and will only thrive in fluorescent moss patties. 

Animal: NARRM 
Origin: A hybrid of the narwhal and the worm.  
Description: The narrm is smaller than a typical goose. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the elephant and can only survive in the proximity of sour smelling riverbeds. 

Animal: NEEN 
Origin: A mashup between the newt and the wren.  
Description: The neen is fifty times larger than the standard hippopotamus. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the wasp and lives by grim exotic dungeons. 

Animal: NEGNU 
Origin: A hybrid of the newt and the gnu.  
Description: The negnu is more massive than five salmon. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of guinea fowl and can only survive in the proximity of cold riverbeds. 

Animal: NEGNU 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the newt and the gnu.  
Description: The negnu is similar in size to the ferret. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the stinkbug and breeds in humid underground dwellings. 

Animal: NEROACH 
Origin: A mashup between the newt and the cockroach.  
Description: The neroach is sometimes found towering over even the tallest viper. It can swallow a whole coyote and will find a home in and around cold underground dwellings. 

Animal: NESH 
Origin: A hybrid of the newt and the fish.  
Description: The nesh is similar in size to the mosquito. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of bee and can only survive in the proximity of lime scented seashores. 

Animal: NEUID 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the newt and the squid.  
Description: The neuid is is over all squishier than the male bison. It can swallow a whole octopus and breeds in lime scented underground dwellings. 

Animal: NEYX 
Origin: A marriage between the newt and the oryx.  
Description: The neyx is similar in size to the mink. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the eagle and will find a home in and around gross but not altogether repulsive bogs. 

Animal: NIGHTANZEE 
Origin: A hybrid of the nightingale and the chimpanzee.  
Description: The nightanzee is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown coyote. It lives on the waste of the tapir and breeds in whimsical exotic dungeons. 

Animal: NIGHTER 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the nightingale and the deer.  
Description: The nighter is smaller than a typical toad. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single aardvark and is likely to be found alongside damp moss patties. 

Animal: NIGHTGATOR 
Origin: A hybrid of the nightingale and the alligator.  
Description: The nightgator is smaller than a typical baboon. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty hawk and will only thrive in tepid rivers. 

Animal: NIGHTIBOU 
Origin: A marriage between the nightingale and the caribou.  
Description: The nightibou is is over all squishier than the male bison. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty wasp and is capable of spending its entire life by tepid bogs. 

Animal: NIGHTLF 
Origin: A hybrid of the nightingale and the wolf.  
Description: The nightlf is bigger than your average mule. It eats seal and lives by murky holes in the ground. 

Animal: NIGHTLLOW 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the nightingale and the swallow.  
Description: The nightllow is similar in size to the magpie. It can swallow a whole worm and is known to frequent fluorescent rivers. 

Animal: NIGHTMAN 
Origin: A mashup between the nightingale and the human.  
Description: The nightman is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature cobra. It eats badger and is capable of spending its entire life by sour smelling underwater bunkers. 

Animal: NIGHTPIPER 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the nightingale and the sandpiper.  
Description: The nightpiper is more massive than five nightingale. It can swallow a whole opossum and is likely to be found alongside whimsical underground dwellings. 

Animal: NIGHTRIDGE 
Origin: A hybrid of the nightingale and the partridge.  
Description: The nightridge is is not quite as big as a baby gerbil. It can make a sound like a herring and breeds in tepid creeks. 

Animal: NIGHTSSUM 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the nightingale and the opossum.  
Description: The nightssum is similar in size to the duck. It is a parasite of the wren and will only thrive in murky crypts. 

Animal: NIGHTTLE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the nightingale and the turtle.  
Description: The nighttle is sometimes found towering over even the tallest red deer. It regularly feeds on shrimp and is likely to be found alongside gross but not altogether repulsive oceans. 

Animal: OCTAL 
Origin: A mashup between the octopus and the seal.  
Description: The octal is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown termite. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of baboon and can be found around humid riverbeds. 

Animal: OCTCOCK 
Origin: A marriage between the octopus and the woodcock.  
Description: The octcock is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown goose. It regularly feeds on wallaby and will only thrive in freezing seashores. 

Animal: OCTINGALE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the octopus and the nightingale.  
Description: The octingale is fifty times larger than the standard newt. It is a parasite of the falcon and lives by salty bogs. 

Animal: OCTLION 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the octopus and the sea lion.  
Description: The octlion is more massive than five quail. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of goose and breeds in fluorescent seashores. 

Animal: OCTLL 
Origin: A hybrid of the octopus and the gull.  
Description: The octll is is over all squishier than the male panther. It can be far more intimidating than an elder sea lion and can be found around stinky underground dwellings. 

Animal: OCTMON 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the octopus and the salmon.  
Description: The octmon is much smaller than an average reindeer. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single cobra and can only survive in the proximity of gross but not altogether repulsive exotic dungeons. 

Animal: OCTPILLAR 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the octopus and the caterpillar.  
Description: The octpillar is fifty times larger than the standard zebra. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of elephant seal and lives by humid underground dwellings. 

Animal: OCTRING 
Origin: A mashup between the octopus and the herring.  
Description: The octring is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of gnat. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty parrot and is capable of spending its entire life by fluorescent shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: OCTRKAT 
Origin: A marriage between the octopus and the meerkat.  
Description: The octrkat is smaller than a typical whale. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of walrus and breeds in grim oceans. 

Animal: OCTRSE 
Origin: A hybrid of the octopus and the horse.  
Description: The octrse is similar in size to the meerkat. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty porpoise and is likely to be found alongside sour smelling crypts. 

Animal: OCTSANT 
Origin: A marriage between the octopus and the pheasant.  
Description: The octsant is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent antelope. It eats antelope and is capable of spending its entire life by fluorescent underground dwellings. 

Animal: OCTUPINE 
Origin: A hybrid of the octopus and the porcupine.  
Description: The octupine is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of lyrebird. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of crocodile and is capable of spending its entire life by gross but not altogether repulsive seashores. 

Animal: OK BLUE 
Origin: A hybrid of the okapi and the jay, blue.  
Description: The ok blue is more massive than five loris. It can be far more intimidating than an elder wolf and can only survive in the proximity of salty rivers. 

Animal: OKKEY 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the okapi and the monkey.  
Description: The okkey is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent partridge. It can swallow a whole louse and is known to frequent murky bogs. 

Animal: OKOPUS 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the okapi and the octopus.  
Description: The okopus is is over all squishier than the male alligator. It eats eel and can be found around murky exotic dungeons. 

Animal: OKRK 
Origin: A hybrid of the okapi and the lark.  
Description: The okrk is smaller than a typical spider. It can be far more intimidating than an elder alligator and will only thrive in lime scented rivers. 

Animal: OKVER 
Origin: A marriage between the okapi and the beaver.  
Description: The okver is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of rat. It can be far more intimidating than an elder porcupine and is likely to be found alongside vast and favorable exotic dungeons. 

Animal: OPODER 
Origin: A hybrid of the opossum and the spider.  
Description: The opoder is is over all squishier than the male hornet. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of dragonfly and is known to frequent salty crypts. 

Animal: OPOKEY 
Origin: A hybrid of the opossum and the donkey.  
Description: The opokey is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent camel. It eats donkey and lives by grim crypts. 

Animal: OPOLL 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the opossum and the gull.  
Description: The opoll is is not quite as big as a baby beaver. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of woodcock and will only thrive in fluorescent underground dwellings. 

Animal: OPOOTAMUS 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the opossum and the hippopotamus.  
Description: The opootamus is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent ram. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single wasp and lives by sour smelling holes in the ground. 

Animal: OPORCHIN 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the opossum and the sea urchin.  
Description: The oporchin is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent falcon. It lives on the waste of the ferret and will find a home in and around murky creeks. 

Animal: ORAR 
Origin: A mashup between the oryx and the bear.  
Description: The orar is smaller than a typical wren. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty lemur and is likely to be found alongside salty shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: ORFINCH 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the oryx and the goldfinch.  
Description: The orfinch is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent chinchilla. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of crow and is likely to be found alongside windblown creeks. 

Animal: ORGLE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the oryx and the eagle.  
Description: The orgle is fifty times larger than the standard deer. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty koala and will only thrive in damp exotic dungeons. 

Animal: ORRREL 
Origin: A marriage between the oryx and the squirrel.  
Description: The orrrel is fifty times larger than the standard worm. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the hummingbird and lives by humid bogs. 

Animal: OST DRAGON 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the ostrich and the komodo dragon.  
Description: The ost dragon is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent coyote. It can make a sound like a albatross and breeds in humid exotic dungeons. 

Animal: OSTALE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the ostrich and the whale.  
Description: The ostale is sometimes found towering over even the tallest koala. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of narwhal and is likely to be found alongside grim rivers. 

Animal: OSTAPI 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the ostrich and the okapi.  
Description: The ostapi is much smaller than an average sardine. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty stork and can only survive in the proximity of tepid rivers. 

Animal: OSTKBUG 
Origin: A hybrid of the ostrich and the stinkbug.  
Description: The ostkbug is more massive than five jackal. It lives on the waste of the butterfly and will find a home in and around sour smelling bogs. 

Animal: OSTKEY 
Origin: A hybrid of the ostrich and the turkey.  
Description: The ostkey is is over all squishier than the male dog. It eats fox and is likely to be found alongside dank shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: OSTNK 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the ostrich and the mink.  
Description: The ostnk is is not quite as big as a baby lion. It finds solace in the den of the pelican and lives by gross but not altogether repulsive moss patties. 

Animal: OSTVER 
Origin: A hybrid of the ostrich and the beaver.  
Description: The ostver is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of pony. It finds solace in the den of the newt and is likely to be found alongside fluorescent holes in the ground. 

Animal: OT BLUE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the otter and the jay, blue.  
Description: The ot blue is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of penguin. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single panther and will find a home in and around lime scented moss patties. 

Animal: OTACUDA 
Origin: A marriage between the otter and the barracuda.  
Description: The otacuda is much smaller than an average oryx. It can swallow a whole giant panda and will find a home in and around tepid underwater bunkers. 

Animal: OTAIL 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the otter and the snail.  
Description: The otail is similar in size to the ferret. It lives on the waste of the caribou and can only survive in the proximity of cold trundle beds. 

Animal: OTDOG 
Origin: A mashup between the otter and the dog.  
Description: The otdog is is over all squishier than the male panther. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the alpaca and is likely to be found alongside lime scented holes in the ground. 

Animal: OTFLY 
Origin: A hybrid of the otter and the fly.  
Description: The otfly is similar in size to the chicken. It can make a sound like a deer and is likely to be found alongside vast and favorable exotic dungeons. 

Animal: OTRSE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the otter and the horse.  
Description: The otrse is much smaller than an average wolverine. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty lion and can be found around whimsical oceans. 

Animal: OTSAUR 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the otter and the dinosaur.  
Description: The otsaur is is over all squishier than the male shrew. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the finch and lives by stinky creeks. 

Animal: OTUSE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the otter and the louse.  
Description: The otuse is bigger than your average ant. It can be far more intimidating than an elder dogfish and will find a home in and around lime scented rivers. 

Animal: OTVEN 
Origin: A marriage between the otter and the raven.  
Description: The otven is is over all squishier than the male red deer. It can make a sound like a stinkbug and can be found around fluorescent creeks. 

Animal: OWLAR 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the owl and the bear.  
Description: The owlar is is not quite as big as a baby donkey. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty finch and is likely to be found alongside tepid exotic dungeons. 

Animal: OWLATER 
Origin: A hybrid of the owl and the anteater.  
Description: The owlater is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature bear. It can make a sound like a crow and will find a home in and around cold exotic dungeons. 

Animal: OWLBIT 
Origin: A mashup between the owl and the rabbit.  
Description: The owlbit is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent antelope. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the camel and will only thrive in fluorescent exotic dungeons. 

Animal: OWLDOLLAR 
Origin: A hybrid of the owl and the sand dollar.  
Description: The owldollar is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown opossum. It lives on the waste of the clam and can only survive in the proximity of whimsical bogs. 

Animal: OWLOG 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the owl and the frog.  
Description: The owlog is smaller than a typical scorpion. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty dragonfly and can only survive in the proximity of freezing oceans. 

Animal: OWLON 
Origin: A marriage between the owl and the lion.  
Description: The owlon is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of crane. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty horse and will only thrive in gross but not altogether repulsive underground dwellings. 

Animal: OWLONFLY 
Origin: A mashup between the owl and the dragonfly.  
Description: The owlonfly is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature ant. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single falcon and can be found around whimsical exotic dungeons. 

Animal: OWLOX 
Origin: A hybrid of the owl and the ox.  
Description: The owlox is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent monkey. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of wombat and is likely to be found alongside vast and favorable underwater bunkers. 

Animal: OWLRICH 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the owl and the ostrich.  
Description: The owlrich is smaller than a typical giraffe. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single sheep and can only survive in the proximity of tepid riverbeds. 

Animal: OWLRIDGE 
Origin: A marriage between the owl and the partridge.  
Description: The owlridge is sometimes found towering over even the tallest stork. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty horse and breeds in dank exotic dungeons. 

Animal: OWLROT 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the owl and the parrot.  
Description: The owlrot is more massive than five gorilla. It regularly feeds on donkey and is known to frequent gross but not altogether repulsive moss patties. 

Animal: OWLVARK 
Origin: A marriage between the owl and the aardvark.  
Description: The owlvark is sometimes found towering over even the tallest eel. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of crab and is likely to be found alongside lime scented creeks. 

Animal: OXAROO 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the ox and the kangaroo.  
Description: The oxaroo is smaller than a typical pelican. It finds solace in the den of the anteater and can be found around gross but not altogether repulsive underground dwellings. 

Animal: OXCOON 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the ox and the raccoon.  
Description: The oxcoon is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown eagle. It can make a sound like a water buffalo and lives by freezing exotic dungeons. 

Animal: OXDEER 
Origin: A mashup between the ox and the reindeer.  
Description: The oxdeer is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature pig. It is a parasite of the ape and is likely to be found alongside freezing moss patties. 

Animal: OXDU 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the ox and the kudu.  
Description: The oxdu is more massive than five quail. It finds solace in the den of the stork and can only survive in the proximity of whimsical bogs. 

Animal: OXEN 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the ox and the wren.  
Description: The oxen is fifty times larger than the standard rook. It lives on the waste of the cod and can be found around vast and favorable underground dwellings. 

Animal: OXKEY 
Origin: A hybrid of the ox and the donkey.  
Description: The oxkey is similar in size to the locust. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty donkey and will find a home in and around gross but not altogether repulsive shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: OXROACH 
Origin: A marriage between the ox and the cockroach.  
Description: The oxroach is is over all squishier than the male giraffe. It is a parasite of the lemur and will only thrive in dank moss patties. 

Animal: OXTURE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the ox and the vulture.  
Description: The oxture is is not quite as big as a baby clam. It eats mallard and will find a home in and around tepid crypts. 

Animal: OXUNK 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the ox and the skunk.  
Description: The oxunk is fifty times larger than the standard turkey. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of giant panda and can only survive in the proximity of fluorescent rivers. 

Animal: OXYAK 
Origin: A mashup between the ox and the yak.  
Description: The oxyak is bigger than your average boar. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of dinosaur and is capable of spending its entire life by dank oceans. 

Animal: OXYAK 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the ox and the yak.  
Description: The oxyak is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature porcupine. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of partridge and lives by lime scented exotic dungeons. 

Animal: OYSAD 
Origin: A mashup between the oyster and the toad.  
Description: The oysad is fifty times larger than the standard sheep. It regularly feeds on starling and will find a home in and around windblown crypts. 

Animal: OYSDU 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the oyster and the kudu.  
Description: The oysdu is is over all squishier than the male aardvark. It finds solace in the den of the pigeon and is known to frequent lime scented exotic dungeons. 

Animal: OYSFOWL 
Origin: A mashup between the oyster and the peafowl.  
Description: The oysfowl is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature tiger. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of locust and will only thrive in lime scented shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: OYSOON 
Origin: A marriage between the oyster and the baboon.  
Description: The oysoon is is over all squishier than the male opossum. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of armadillo and will only thrive in whimsical seashores. 

Animal: OYSOSE 
Origin: A marriage between the oyster and the goose.  
Description: The oysose is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent duck. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty monkey and lives by murky seashores. 

Animal: OYSSANT 
Origin: A mashup between the oyster and the pheasant.  
Description: The oyssant is fifty times larger than the standard magpie. It lives on the waste of the shark and will only thrive in salty seashores. 

Animal: OYSSSUM 
Origin: A marriage between the oyster and the opossum.  
Description: The oysssum is much smaller than an average squid. It can swallow a whole giant panda and will find a home in and around windblown rivers. 

Animal: OYSUST 
Origin: A mashup between the oyster and the locust.  
Description: The oysust is sometimes found towering over even the tallest dogfish. It can make a sound like a chimpanzee and breeds in stinky oceans. 

Animal: OYSVE 
Origin: A marriage between the oyster and the dove.  
Description: The oysve is sometimes found towering over even the tallest pigeon. It can swallow a whole rabbit and breeds in salty underwater bunkers. 

Animal: PANATEE 
Origin: A hybrid of the panther and the manatee.  
Description: The panatee is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown albatross. It finds solace in the den of the cockroach and can be found around whimsical trundle beds. 

Animal: PANBAT 
Origin: A marriage between the panther and the bat.  
Description: The panbat is is over all squishier than the male guinea pig. It is a parasite of the penguin and will find a home in and around murky underwater bunkers. 

Animal: PANCAT 
Origin: A hybrid of the panther and the cat.  
Description: The pancat is bigger than your average otter. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty ape and can only survive in the proximity of tepid riverbeds. 

Animal: PANEEL 
Origin: A mashup between the panther and the eel.  
Description: The paneel is fifty times larger than the standard lemur. It regularly feeds on jay, blue and can only survive in the proximity of windblown shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: PANOSE 
Origin: A hybrid of the panther and the goose.  
Description: The panose is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown wombat. It lives on the waste of the loris and will only thrive in whimsical creeks. 

Animal: PANVEN 
Origin: A mashup between the panther and the raven.  
Description: The panven is more massive than five porcupine. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of woodcock and will only thrive in whimsical riverbeds. 

Animal: PARACUDA 
Origin: A hybrid of the parrot and the barracuda.  
Description: The paracuda is similar in size to the turkey. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the kangaroo and can be found around gross but not altogether repulsive moss patties. 

Animal: PARAROO 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the parrot and the kangaroo.  
Description: The pararoo is more massive than five bear. It lives on the waste of the giant panda and is likely to be found alongside grim creeks. 

Animal: PARBAT 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the parrot and the bat.  
Description: The parbat is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown dinosaur. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single cormorant and can be found around dank creeks. 

Animal: PARBIRD 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the parrot and the lyrebird.  
Description: The parbird is bigger than your average chicken. It eats red panda and can be found around stinky riverbeds. 

Animal: PARDEER 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the parrot and the reindeer.  
Description: The pardeer is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown red deer. It can make a sound like a herring and will find a home in and around fluorescent underground dwellings. 

Animal: PARECKER 
Origin: A hybrid of the parrot and the woodpecker.  
Description: The parecker is more massive than five sandpiper. It is a parasite of the pony and can be found around vast and favorable creeks. 

Animal: PAREN 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the parrot and the wren.  
Description: The paren is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent alligator. It can make a sound like a otter and will find a home in and around gross but not altogether repulsive exotic dungeons. 

Animal: PARTASS 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the partridge and the ass.  
Description: The partass is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of elk. It is a parasite of the chinchilla and is known to frequent vast and favorable rivers. 

Animal: PARTFALO 
Origin: A marriage between the partridge and the buffalo.  
Description: The partfalo is more massive than five kudu. It eats guinea pig and is capable of spending its entire life by grim seashores. 

Animal: PARTFINCH 
Origin: A marriage between the partridge and the goldfinch.  
Description: The partfinch is bigger than your average falcon. It can make a sound like a bison and lives by vast and favorable crypts. 

Animal: PARTFISH 
Origin: A mashup between the partridge and the dogfish.  
Description: The partfish is is over all squishier than the male quail. It can swallow a whole beaver and lives by vast and favorable riverbeds. 

Animal: PARTGER 
Origin: A hybrid of the partridge and the badger.  
Description: The partger is smaller than a typical gerbil. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single goose and can only survive in the proximity of vast and favorable moss patties. 

Animal: PARTLABY 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the partridge and the wallaby.  
Description: The partlaby is much smaller than an average rabbit. It finds solace in the den of the whale and will only thrive in sour smelling trundle beds. 

Animal: PARTLORIS 
Origin: A marriage between the partridge and the slow loris.  
Description: The partloris is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown chimpanzee. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of armadillo and is likely to be found alongside humid oceans. 

Animal: PARTMITE 
Origin: A hybrid of the partridge and the termite.  
Description: The partmite is smaller than a typical jaguar. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty otter and will find a home in and around freezing crypts. 

Animal: PARTUST 
Origin: A mashup between the partridge and the locust.  
Description: The partust is much smaller than an average vulture. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single magpie and is likely to be found alongside salty trundle beds. 

Animal: PARUNK 
Origin: A marriage between the parrot and the skunk.  
Description: The parunk is much smaller than an average antelope. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the clam and will only thrive in sour smelling rivers. 

Animal: PEAAPI 
Origin: A mashup between the peafowl and the okapi.  
Description: The peaapi is is not quite as big as a baby raven. It regularly feeds on finch and is likely to be found alongside stinky moss patties. 

Animal: PEAAR 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the peafowl and the boar.  
Description: The peaar is is over all squishier than the male toad. It can make a sound like a mole and will only thrive in whimsical creeks. 

Animal: PEAFISH 
Origin: A mashup between the peafowl and the goldfish.  
Description: The peafish is bigger than your average anteater. It regularly feeds on okapi and lives by vast and favorable trundle beds. 

Animal: PEAIMP 
Origin: A marriage between the peafowl and the shrimp.  
Description: The peaimp is more massive than five octopus. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of viper and breeds in stinky rivers. 

Animal: PEAJAY 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the peafowl and the jay.  
Description: The peajay is is not quite as big as a baby crane. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the chinchilla and will only thrive in dank holes in the ground. 

Animal: PEALING 
Origin: A mashup between the peafowl and the starling.  
Description: The pealing is similar in size to the anteater. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty giraffe and is known to frequent whimsical rivers. 

Animal: PEANCH 
Origin: A hybrid of the peafowl and the finch.  
Description: The peanch is sometimes found towering over even the tallest caterpillar. It finds solace in the den of the quail and will only thrive in cold moss patties. 

Animal: PEAOG 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the peafowl and the frog.  
Description: The peaog is similar in size to the duck. It can swallow a whole jaguar and will find a home in and around windblown riverbeds. 

Animal: PELAD 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the pelican and the toad.  
Description: The pelad is is over all squishier than the male cobra. It regularly feeds on sea urchin and is known to frequent vast and favorable crypts. 

Animal: PELAFFE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the pelican and the giraffe.  
Description: The pelaffe is more massive than five starling. It eats jackal and will only thrive in sour smelling exotic dungeons. 

Animal: PELAM 
Origin: A mashup between the pelican and the clam.  
Description: The pelam is more massive than five rook. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of salamander and breeds in dank moss patties. 

Animal: PELCOCK 
Origin: A mashup between the pelican and the woodcock.  
Description: The pelcock is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown grasshopper. It can swallow a whole turkey and is known to frequent freezing seashores. 

Animal: PELEMU 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the pelican and the emu.  
Description: The pelemu is fifty times larger than the standard narwhal. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty baboon and is likely to be found alongside murky bogs. 

Animal: PELEN 
Origin: A mashup between the pelican and the wren.  
Description: The pelen is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown hippopotamus. It is a parasite of the raccoon and is known to frequent humid underwater bunkers. 

Animal: PELOSE 
Origin: A marriage between the pelican and the goose.  
Description: The pelose is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of raccoon. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single rhinoceros and is known to frequent dank trundle beds. 

Animal: PELOWL 
Origin: A hybrid of the pelican and the owl.  
Description: The pelowl is smaller than a typical mule. It is a parasite of the sea lion and is capable of spending its entire life by stinky seashores. 

Animal: PELPIG 
Origin: A mashup between the pelican and the pig.  
Description: The pelpig is is over all squishier than the male crow. It is a parasite of the goat and is likely to be found alongside gross but not altogether repulsive riverbeds. 

Animal: PELWHAL 
Origin: A mashup between the pelican and the narwhal.  
Description: The pelwhal is sometimes found towering over even the tallest stinkbug. It can make a sound like a mosquito and lives by whimsical riverbeds. 

Animal: PELWT 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the pelican and the newt.  
Description: The pelwt is is over all squishier than the male gnu. It regularly feeds on horse and breeds in sour smelling bogs. 

Animal: PENAD 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the penguin and the toad.  
Description: The penad is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown mouse. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the donkey and is known to frequent humid riverbeds. 

Animal: PENCK 
Origin: A marriage between the penguin and the duck.  
Description: The penck is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature rhinoceros. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of weasel and will only thrive in damp holes in the ground. 

Animal: PENEEL 
Origin: A marriage between the penguin and the eel.  
Description: The peneel is is over all squishier than the male oryx. It can be far more intimidating than an elder marten and will only thrive in dank bogs. 

Animal: PENOTE 
Origin: A marriage between the penguin and the coyote.  
Description: The penote is fifty times larger than the standard cod. It can swallow a whole hippopotamus and breeds in cold seashores. 

Animal: PENRE 
Origin: A hybrid of the penguin and the hare.  
Description: The penre is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature cod. It finds solace in the den of the hippopotamus and can only survive in the proximity of grim trundle beds. 

Animal: PENTLE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the penguin and the cattle.  
Description: The pentle is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent louse. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of panther and can only survive in the proximity of windblown oceans. 

Animal: PENUITO 
Origin: A hybrid of the penguin and the mosquito.  
Description: The penuito is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent toad. It eats aardvark and can be found around freezing bogs. 

Animal: PHEAAIL 
Origin: A hybrid of the pheasant and the quail.  
Description: The pheaail is sometimes found towering over even the tallest guinea pig. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of ostrich and will only thrive in stinky shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: PHEABAT 
Origin: A hybrid of the pheasant and the bat.  
Description: The pheabat is smaller than a typical koala. It regularly feeds on barracuda and breeds in fluorescent seashores. 

Animal: PHEAFALO 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the pheasant and the buffalo.  
Description: The pheafalo is is over all squishier than the male alligator. It lives on the waste of the trout and lives by grim moss patties. 

Animal: PHEAORANT 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the pheasant and the cormorant.  
Description: The pheaorant is more massive than five red panda. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the caterpillar and will only thrive in tepid seashores. 

Animal: PHEAOX 
Origin: A hybrid of the pheasant and the ox.  
Description: The pheaox is bigger than your average ape. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of hippopotamus and breeds in vast and favorable riverbeds. 

Animal: PHEARIS 
Origin: A hybrid of the pheasant and the loris.  
Description: The phearis is much smaller than an average mole. It can make a sound like a chimpanzee and will only thrive in gross but not altogether repulsive oceans. 

Animal: PHEAROT 
Origin: A hybrid of the pheasant and the parrot.  
Description: The phearot is similar in size to the ass. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty crow and breeds in cold exotic dungeons. 

Animal: PHEAYAK 
Origin: A mashup between the pheasant and the yak.  
Description: The pheayak is more massive than five sandpiper. It regularly feeds on trout and is likely to be found alongside dank underwater bunkers. 

Animal: PIGAMA 
Origin: A marriage between the pigeon and the llama.  
Description: The pigama is sometimes found towering over even the tallest boar. It eats scorpion and lives by sour smelling trundle beds. 

Animal: PIGCEROS 
Origin: A mashup between the pig and the rhinoceros.  
Description: The pigceros is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown shrew. It can swallow a whole woodpecker and will only thrive in grim trundle beds. 

Animal: PIGDER 
Origin: A hybrid of the pigeon and the spider.  
Description: The pigder is smaller than a typical finch. It can be far more intimidating than an elder camel and is capable of spending its entire life by fluorescent underground dwellings. 

Animal: PIGELLE 
Origin: A hybrid of the pig and the gazelle.  
Description: The pigelle is much smaller than an average caterpillar. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the owl and can be found around sour smelling creeks. 

Animal: PIGGRAY 
Origin: A hybrid of the pigeon and the stingray.  
Description: The piggray is similar in size to the cobra. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty ape and is known to frequent salty underwater bunkers. 

Animal: PIGKEY 
Origin: A mashup between the pig and the donkey.  
Description: The pigkey is more massive than five wolf. It is a parasite of the alpaca and will only thrive in humid bogs. 

Animal: PIGLION 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the pigeon and the sea lion.  
Description: The piglion is fifty times larger than the standard spider. It lives on the waste of the squirrel and breeds in murky oceans. 

Animal: PIGMUR 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the pigeon and the lemur.  
Description: The pigmur is much smaller than an average ox. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the swallow and is known to frequent murky oceans. 

Animal: PIGOX 
Origin: A marriage between the pig and the ox.  
Description: The pigox is is over all squishier than the male mink. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of oryx and is capable of spending its entire life by humid exotic dungeons. 

Animal: PIGPIE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the pigeon and the magpie.  
Description: The pigpie is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of human. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the owl and is likely to be found alongside stinky underground dwellings. 

Animal: PIGRAT 
Origin: A hybrid of the pig and the rat.  
Description: The pigrat is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown nightingale. It regularly feeds on squid and is likely to be found alongside stinky creeks. 

Animal: PIGRIDGE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the pigeon and the partridge.  
Description: The pigridge is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature rat. It can swallow a whole mouse and will only thrive in humid rivers. 

Animal: PIGRIS 
Origin: A mashup between the pig and the loris.  
Description: The pigris is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown penguin. It can be far more intimidating than an elder chicken and is likely to be found alongside gross but not altogether repulsive riverbeds. 

Animal: PIGSTER 
Origin: A marriage between the pigeon and the lobster.  
Description: The pigster is is over all squishier than the male crab. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of mink and lives by windblown bogs. 

Animal: PIGYX 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the pig and the oryx.  
Description: The pigyx is is over all squishier than the male rabbit. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the squirrel and will find a home in and around windblown oceans. 

Animal: POANT 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the pony and the ant.  
Description: The poant is much smaller than an average walrus. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of snake and is capable of spending its entire life by sour smelling exotic dungeons. 

Animal: POELLE 
Origin: A marriage between the pony and the gazelle.  
Description: The poelle is much smaller than an average goose. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single llama and can only survive in the proximity of murky holes in the ground. 

Animal: POEN 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the pony and the wren.  
Description: The poen is bigger than your average goldfish. It eats snail and can only survive in the proximity of cold seashores. 

Animal: POGNU 
Origin: A mashup between the pony and the gnu.  
Description: The pognu is similar in size to the raven. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the clam and is known to frequent stinky exotic dungeons. 

Animal: PONCH 
Origin: A mashup between the pony and the finch.  
Description: The ponch is much smaller than an average kangaroo. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of opossum and can be found around sour smelling rivers. 

Animal: POOON 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the pony and the baboon.  
Description: The pooon is is over all squishier than the male goat. It can make a sound like a frog and can only survive in the proximity of murky exotic dungeons. 

Animal: POOPUS 
Origin: A mashup between the pony and the octopus.  
Description: The poopus is similar in size to the camel. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of toad and is known to frequent salty seashores. 

Animal: POPION 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the pony and the scorpion.  
Description: The popion is much smaller than an average moose. It is a parasite of the mosquito and is known to frequent stinky underwater bunkers. 

Animal: PORCELLE 
Origin: A marriage between the porcupine and the gazelle.  
Description: The porcelle is is not quite as big as a baby owl. It lives on the waste of the ape and will find a home in and around salty rivers. 

Animal: PORCHOPPER 
Origin: A marriage between the porcupine and the grasshopper.  
Description: The porchopper is much smaller than an average shark. It regularly feeds on owl and is capable of spending its entire life by tepid shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: PORCOX 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the porcupine and the ox.  
Description: The porcox is is not quite as big as a baby eel. It lives on the waste of the locust and can only survive in the proximity of freezing rivers. 

Animal: PORCRET 
Origin: A marriage between the porcupine and the ferret.  
Description: The porcret is bigger than your average rat. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of heron and breeds in freezing underwater bunkers. 

Animal: PORCROT 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the porcupine and the parrot.  
Description: The porcrot is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of shark. It finds solace in the den of the elk and will find a home in and around damp holes in the ground. 

Animal: PORCSAUR 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the porcupine and the dinosaur.  
Description: The porcsaur is much smaller than an average goose. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of ostrich and breeds in dank bogs. 

Animal: PORCTROSS 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the porcupine and the albatross.  
Description: The porctross is fifty times larger than the standard lyrebird. It can swallow a whole walrus and will find a home in and around gross but not altogether repulsive trundle beds. 

Animal: PORPAN 
Origin: A mashup between the porpoise and the swan.  
Description: The porpan is similar in size to the pelican. It lives on the waste of the eagle and is likely to be found alongside cold seashores. 

Animal: PORPECKER 
Origin: A mashup between the porpoise and the woodpecker.  
Description: The porpecker is smaller than a typical shrew. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single zebra and is capable of spending its entire life by dank seashores. 

Animal: PORPFALO 
Origin: A mashup between the porpoise and the buffalo.  
Description: The porpfalo is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of dinosaur. It can make a sound like a crow and breeds in whimsical holes in the ground. 

Animal: PORPHANT 
Origin: A marriage between the porpoise and the elephant.  
Description: The porphant is fifty times larger than the standard crane. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the worm and lives by fluorescent creeks. 

Animal: PORPIE DOG 
Origin: A marriage between the porpoise and the prairie dog.  
Description: The porpie dog is is over all squishier than the male locust. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the flamingo and can only survive in the proximity of grim exotic dungeons. 

Animal: PORPLL 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the porpoise and the gull.  
Description: The porpll is is over all squishier than the male slow loris. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of camel and lives by damp creeks. 

Animal: PORPRCHIN 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the porpoise and the sea urchin.  
Description: The porprchin is smaller than a typical toad. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of cockroach and can only survive in the proximity of dank shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: PORPRKAT 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the porpoise and the meerkat.  
Description: The porprkat is sometimes found towering over even the tallest anteater. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of magpie and will find a home in and around salty rivers. 

Animal: PORPVEN 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the porpoise and the raven.  
Description: The porpven is is not quite as big as a baby eel. It regularly feeds on hyena and is known to frequent murky creeks. 

Animal: POUSE 
Origin: A mashup between the pony and the mouse.  
Description: The pouse is similar in size to the pony. It is a parasite of the flamingo and is known to frequent lime scented shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: POWK 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the pony and the hawk.  
Description: The powk is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown beaver. It finds solace in the den of the nightingale and breeds in tepid creeks. 

Animal: PRAIRAB 
Origin: A hybrid of the prairie dog and the crab.  
Description: The prairab is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown magpie. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of bee and can only survive in the proximity of murky underground dwellings. 

Animal: PRAIRBUFFALO 
Origin: A marriage between the prairie dog and the water buffalo.  
Description: The prairbuffalo is is over all squishier than the male manatee. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of weasel and is likely to be found alongside tepid holes in the ground. 

Animal: PRAIRIBOU 
Origin: A hybrid of the prairie dog and the caribou.  
Description: The prairibou is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature newt. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single cormorant and is likely to be found alongside freezing shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: PRAIRKEY 
Origin: A mashup between the prairie dog and the monkey.  
Description: The prairkey is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown snail. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of ferret and is capable of spending its entire life by stinky oceans. 

Animal: PRAIRONFLY 
Origin: A hybrid of the prairie dog and the dragonfly.  
Description: The praironfly is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent cod. It finds solace in the den of the turkey and is known to frequent cold moss patties. 

Animal: PRAIROON 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the prairie dog and the baboon.  
Description: The prairoon is is over all squishier than the male tapir. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single chimpanzee and is known to frequent grim crypts. 

Animal: PRAIRORK 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the prairie dog and the stork.  
Description: The prairork is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature spider. It finds solace in the den of the zebra and can be found around vast and favorable seashores. 

Animal: PRAIRRIS 
Origin: A marriage between the prairie dog and the loris.  
Description: The prairris is bigger than your average mouse. It can make a sound like a deer and is known to frequent tepid trundle beds. 

Animal: PRAIRTROSS 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the prairie dog and the albatross.  
Description: The prairtross is similar in size to the locust. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of cattle and is likely to be found alongside tepid creeks. 

Animal: QU PANDA 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the quail and the giant panda.  
Description: The qu panda is similar in size to the caribou. It finds solace in the den of the dogfish and is capable of spending its entire life by grim creeks. 

Animal: QUCAT 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the quail and the cat.  
Description: The qucat is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent komodo dragon. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of salmon and can only survive in the proximity of dank crypts. 

Animal: QUEEL 
Origin: A marriage between the quail and the eel.  
Description: The queel is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown crow. It is a parasite of the camel and is capable of spending its entire life by lime scented trundle beds. 

Animal: QUER 
Origin: A mashup between the quail and the deer.  
Description: The quer is more massive than five worm. It regularly feeds on swallow and is known to frequent dank riverbeds. 

Animal: QUNK 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the quail and the mink.  
Description: The qunk is much smaller than an average cormorant. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of mule and is likely to be found alongside salty rivers. 

Animal: QUPHIN 
Origin: A marriage between the quail and the dolphin.  
Description: The quphin is is over all squishier than the male goldfish. It regularly feeds on cormorant and is capable of spending its entire life by humid creeks. 

Animal: QURUS 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the quail and the walrus.  
Description: The qurus is similar in size to the wallaby. It is a parasite of the whale and will only thrive in fluorescent underwater bunkers. 

Animal: QUSSUM 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the quail and the opossum.  
Description: The qussum is is not quite as big as a baby snake. It regularly feeds on whale and lives by murky moss patties. 

Animal: QUTER 
Origin: A mashup between the quail and the otter.  
Description: The quter is sometimes found towering over even the tallest hummingbird. It can be far more intimidating than an elder pony and will find a home in and around lime scented shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: RAAIL 
Origin: A marriage between the raven and the snail.  
Description: The raail is more massive than five viper. It can be far more intimidating than an elder mule and can only survive in the proximity of lime scented underwater bunkers. 

Animal: RAALE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the raven and the whale.  
Description: The raale is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of goose. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of caterpillar and is capable of spending its entire life by lime scented bogs. 

Animal: RABAB 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the rabbit and the crab.  
Description: The rabab is more massive than five pelican. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the lemur and will only thrive in humid riverbeds. 

Animal: RABHILLA 
Origin: A hybrid of the rabbit and the chinchilla.  
Description: The rabhilla is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature walrus. It is a parasite of the albatross and can be found around damp oceans. 

Animal: RABIBOU 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the rabbit and the caribou.  
Description: The rabibou is similar in size to the turtle. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of gull and can be found around murky underwater bunkers. 

Animal: RABKAL 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the rabbit and the jackal.  
Description: The rabkal is sometimes found towering over even the tallest partridge. It regularly feeds on tapir and is capable of spending its entire life by salty seashores. 

Animal: RABKEY 
Origin: A hybrid of the rabbit and the donkey.  
Description: The rabkey is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of worm. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of termite and will only thrive in tepid creeks. 

Animal: RABTER 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the rabbit and the otter.  
Description: The rabter is is not quite as big as a baby otter. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of ostrich and is known to frequent whimsical trundle beds. 

Animal: RABTROSS 
Origin: A marriage between the rabbit and the albatross.  
Description: The rabtross is bigger than your average mole. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty starling and is capable of spending its entire life by salty moss patties. 

Animal: RACANDER 
Origin: A mashup between the raccoon and the salamander.  
Description: The racander is much smaller than an average ostrich. It finds solace in the den of the leopard and can be found around murky oceans. 

Animal: RACAROO 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the raccoon and the kangaroo.  
Description: The racaroo is similar in size to the beaver. It is a parasite of the chicken and can be found around fluorescent creeks. 

Animal: RACORANT 
Origin: A hybrid of the raccoon and the cormorant.  
Description: The racorant is more massive than five goldfinch. It can swallow a whole squid and lives by gross but not altogether repulsive oceans. 

Animal: RACOTAMUS 
Origin: A marriage between the raccoon and the hippopotamus.  
Description: The racotamus is bigger than your average moose. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of falcon and will find a home in and around humid seashores. 

Animal: RACSANT 
Origin: A marriage between the raccoon and the pheasant.  
Description: The racsant is more massive than five donkey. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single hare and is known to frequent cold moss patties. 

Animal: RACTHER 
Origin: A mashup between the raccoon and the panther.  
Description: The racther is similar in size to the armadillo. It can swallow a whole oryx and is known to frequent salty crypts. 

Animal: RADER 
Origin: A hybrid of the raven and the spider.  
Description: The rader is more massive than five bat. It can make a sound like a seahorse and will find a home in and around whimsical exotic dungeons. 

Animal: RAEN 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the raven and the wren.  
Description: The raen is more massive than five crocodile. It lives on the waste of the crocodile and is capable of spending its entire life by tepid rivers. 

Animal: RALARD 
Origin: A mashup between the raven and the mallard.  
Description: The ralard is smaller than a typical chinchilla. It eats wasp and is capable of spending its entire life by gross but not altogether repulsive underground dwellings. 

Animal: RALE 
Origin: A marriage between the raven and the mole.  
Description: The rale is is not quite as big as a baby quail. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the stingray and is known to frequent grim shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: RAMASS 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the ram and the ass.  
Description: The ramass is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent mule. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single weasel and breeds in dank trundle beds. 

Animal: RAMDILLO 
Origin: A marriage between the ram and the armadillo.  
Description: The ramdillo is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent ape. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single mole and is known to frequent freezing holes in the ground. 

Animal: RAMEL 
Origin: A hybrid of the raven and the camel.  
Description: The ramel is is over all squishier than the male crocodile. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the marten and can be found around humid underground dwellings. 

Animal: RAMHOPPER 
Origin: A marriage between the ram and the grasshopper.  
Description: The ramhopper is smaller than a typical heron. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of fish and can only survive in the proximity of cold crypts. 

Animal: RAMKEY 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the ram and the monkey.  
Description: The ramkey is bigger than your average dove. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of elephant and is capable of spending its entire life by salty crypts. 

Animal: RAMUID 
Origin: A hybrid of the ram and the squid.  
Description: The ramuid is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent porpoise. It lives on the waste of the alligator and lives by cold underground dwellings. 

Animal: RAOISE 
Origin: A mashup between the raven and the porpoise.  
Description: The raoise is smaller than a typical rhinoceros. It eats bison and is known to frequent whimsical creeks. 

Animal: RAOK 
Origin: A mashup between the raven and the rook.  
Description: The raok is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of lobster. It can swallow a whole antelope and breeds in salty exotic dungeons. 

Animal: RAPER 
Origin: A mashup between the raven and the viper.  
Description: The raper is much smaller than an average parrot. It can make a sound like a seahorse and can only survive in the proximity of dank moss patties. 

Animal: RAPIG 
Origin: A mashup between the raven and the pig.  
Description: The rapig is sometimes found towering over even the tallest loris. It is a parasite of the trout and lives by lime scented moss patties. 

Animal: RAT PANDA 
Origin: A mashup between the rat and the giant panda.  
Description: The rat panda is similar in size to the eel. It lives on the waste of the cat and is capable of spending its entire life by sour smelling bogs. 

Animal: RATCOON 
Origin: A marriage between the rat and the raccoon.  
Description: The ratcoon is more massive than five yak. It eats giant panda and will find a home in and around murky exotic dungeons. 

Animal: RATEN 
Origin: A marriage between the rat and the wren.  
Description: The raten is similar in size to the grouse. It eats kudu and lives by sour smelling trundle beds. 

Animal: RATFOX 
Origin: A hybrid of the rat and the fox.  
Description: The ratfox is fifty times larger than the standard prairie dog. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of newt and is likely to be found alongside lime scented shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: RATKEY 
Origin: A marriage between the rat and the monkey.  
Description: The ratkey is similar in size to the shrimp. It finds solace in the den of the mosquito and can be found around tepid holes in the ground. 

Animal: RATRKAT 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the rat and the meerkat.  
Description: The ratrkat is is over all squishier than the male cattle. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of slow loris and will find a home in and around windblown rivers. 

Animal: RAVE 
Origin: A hybrid of the raven and the dove.  
Description: The rave is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of loris. It can be far more intimidating than an elder parrot and can be found around damp seashores. 

Animal: RED BRA 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the red deer and the zebra.  
Description: The red bra is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of finch. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of cat and is known to frequent freezing rivers. 

Animal: RED CON 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the red panda and the falcon.  
Description: The red con is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent trout. It is a parasite of the kudu and is known to frequent windblown holes in the ground. 

Animal: RED NY 
Origin: A mashup between the red panda and the pony.  
Description: The red ny is smaller than a typical giant panda. It finds solace in the den of the woodcock and can only survive in the proximity of freezing crypts. 

Animal: RED ONFLY 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the red deer and the dragonfly.  
Description: The red onfly is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature hamster. It regularly feeds on finch and will find a home in and around murky trundle beds. 

Animal: RED OUT 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the red deer and the trout.  
Description: The red out is sometimes found towering over even the tallest coyote. It can be far more intimidating than an elder lark and will find a home in and around fluorescent underwater bunkers. 

Animal: RED OX 
Origin: A hybrid of the red deer and the ox.  
Description: The red ox is much smaller than an average wallaby. It finds solace in the den of the hawk and is likely to be found alongside freezing shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: RED TEN 
Origin: A hybrid of the red deer and the marten.  
Description: The red ten is fifty times larger than the standard crocodile. It lives on the waste of the cattle and is likely to be found alongside freezing creeks. 

Animal: RED WT 
Origin: A mashup between the red deer and the newt.  
Description: The red wt is sometimes found towering over even the tallest badger. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single alpaca and breeds in gross but not altogether repulsive exotic dungeons. 

Animal: RED YFISH 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the red deer and the jellyfish.  
Description: The red yfish is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature nightingale. It eats hippopotamus and breeds in tepid trundle beds. 

Animal: REIN BLUE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the reindeer and the jay, blue.  
Description: The rein blue is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent swan. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the falcon and will only thrive in tepid exotic dungeons. 

Animal: REINACA 
Origin: A mashup between the reindeer and the alpaca.  
Description: The reinaca is is over all squishier than the male squirrel. It finds solace in the den of the sardine and can only survive in the proximity of freezing rivers. 

Animal: REINANE 
Origin: A marriage between the reindeer and the crane.  
Description: The reinane is bigger than your average sea urchin. It is a parasite of the gorilla and lives by whimsical oceans. 

Animal: REINBAT 
Origin: A marriage between the reindeer and the wombat.  
Description: The reinbat is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent sea lion. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty jay and is likely to be found alongside freezing holes in the ground. 

Animal: REINECKER 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the reindeer and the woodpecker.  
Description: The reinecker is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown mink. It can make a sound like a snail and is known to frequent fluorescent moss patties. 

Animal: REINEEL 
Origin: A marriage between the reindeer and the eel.  
Description: The reineel is fifty times larger than the standard gorilla. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single lemur and is capable of spending its entire life by lime scented oceans. 

Animal: REINNK 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the reindeer and the mink.  
Description: The reinnk is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent grasshopper. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty jay, blue and can only survive in the proximity of vast and favorable rivers. 

Animal: REINORANT 
Origin: A mashup between the reindeer and the cormorant.  
Description: The reinorant is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of shrew. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the hippopotamus and is capable of spending its entire life by cold exotic dungeons. 

Animal: REINRCHIN 
Origin: A hybrid of the reindeer and the sea urchin.  
Description: The reinrchin is fifty times larger than the standard leopard. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single crocodile and will only thrive in gross but not altogether repulsive underwater bunkers. 

Animal: REINRE 
Origin: A hybrid of the reindeer and the hare.  
Description: The reinre is is over all squishier than the male caterpillar. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty weasel and can only survive in the proximity of lime scented shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: RHINOBIL 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the rhinoceros and the gerbil.  
Description: The rhinobil is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature falcon. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of turkey and is known to frequent dank trundle beds. 

Animal: RHINOEHOG 
Origin: A mashup between the rhinoceros and the hedgehog.  
Description: The rhinoehog is more massive than five gull. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the goldfinch and will find a home in and around tepid shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: RHINOLOPE 
Origin: A marriage between the rhinoceros and the antelope.  
Description: The rhinolope is similar in size to the ox. It can swallow a whole lyrebird and will find a home in and around salty underground dwellings. 

Animal: RHINOOSE 
Origin: A mashup between the rhinoceros and the moose.  
Description: The rhinoose is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent red deer. It lives on the waste of the stinkbug and will only thrive in damp shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: RHINORKAT 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the rhinoceros and the meerkat.  
Description: The rhinorkat is fifty times larger than the standard squirrel. It is a parasite of the penguin and can only survive in the proximity of salty holes in the ground. 

Animal: RHINOUAR 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the rhinoceros and the jaguar.  
Description: The rhinouar is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent swallow. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of boar and can only survive in the proximity of windblown bogs. 

Animal: RHINOUPINE 
Origin: A hybrid of the rhinoceros and the porcupine.  
Description: The rhinoupine is similar in size to the trout. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of bear and can only survive in the proximity of tepid underwater bunkers. 

Animal: ROAM 
Origin: A mashup between the rook and the clam.  
Description: The roam is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent emu. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of deer and lives by murky bogs. 

Animal: ROAT 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the rook and the goat.  
Description: The roat is smaller than a typical loris. It can be far more intimidating than an elder chimpanzee and is capable of spending its entire life by sour smelling riverbeds. 

Animal: ROCON 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the rook and the falcon.  
Description: The rocon is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown red deer. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the panther and can only survive in the proximity of windblown holes in the ground. 

Animal: ROERINE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the rook and the wolverine.  
Description: The roerine is is not quite as big as a baby wolverine. It lives on the waste of the duck and will only thrive in humid moss patties. 

Animal: ROHILLA 
Origin: A marriage between the rook and the chinchilla.  
Description: The rohilla is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature yak. It lives on the waste of the kudu and can only survive in the proximity of freezing seashores. 

Animal: ROINGO 
Origin: A marriage between the rook and the flamingo.  
Description: The roingo is is over all squishier than the male kangaroo. It lives on the waste of the gorilla and can only survive in the proximity of murky holes in the ground. 

Animal: ROLL 
Origin: A marriage between the rook and the gull.  
Description: The roll is bigger than your average hamster. It eats guinea fowl and will only thrive in murky riverbeds. 

Animal: RONGBIRD 
Origin: A marriage between the rook and the hummingbird.  
Description: The rongbird is more massive than five wolf. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty deer and is known to frequent whimsical shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: ROOUT 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the rook and the trout.  
Description: The roout is similar in size to the dogfish. It can make a sound like a opossum and is likely to be found alongside stinky rivers. 

Animal: SALAMARK 
Origin: A marriage between the salamander and the shark.  
Description: The salamark is more massive than five vulture. It can swallow a whole duck and will find a home in and around stinky underwater bunkers. 

Animal: SALAMLION 
Origin: A hybrid of the salamander and the sea lion.  
Description: The salamlion is sometimes found towering over even the tallest mole. It finds solace in the den of the raccoon and is likely to be found alongside damp crypts. 

Animal: SALAMLION 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the salamander and the sea lion.  
Description: The salamlion is is over all squishier than the male hippopotamus. It can make a sound like a swallow and lives by cold underground dwellings. 

Animal: SALAMMITE 
Origin: A marriage between the salamander and the termite.  
Description: The salammite is smaller than a typical skunk. It is a parasite of the emu and is known to frequent sour smelling oceans. 

Animal: SALAMON 
Origin: A mashup between the salamander and the lion.  
Description: The salamon is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature squirrel. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single butterfly and can be found around humid trundle beds. 

Animal: SALAMORK 
Origin: A mashup between the salamander and the stork.  
Description: The salamork is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent mink. It can swallow a whole guinea fowl and can be found around damp holes in the ground. 

Animal: SALAMOSE 
Origin: A hybrid of the salamander and the goose.  
Description: The salamose is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown ferret. It can make a sound like a stinkbug and is known to frequent murky rivers. 

Animal: SALAMPIR 
Origin: A mashup between the salamander and the tapir.  
Description: The salampir is smaller than a typical hippopotamus. It can be far more intimidating than an elder walrus and will only thrive in lime scented riverbeds. 

Animal: SALAMREW 
Origin: A marriage between the salamander and the shrew.  
Description: The salamrew is much smaller than an average marten. It finds solace in the den of the lark and breeds in stinky moss patties. 

Animal: SALAMTLE 
Origin: A hybrid of the salamander and the turtle.  
Description: The salamtle is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent gnat. It can swallow a whole human and lives by whimsical moss patties. 

Animal: SALAMUSE 
Origin: A marriage between the salamander and the mouse.  
Description: The salamuse is bigger than your average raccoon. It can make a sound like a louse and will only thrive in vast and favorable exotic dungeons. 

Animal: SALBIRD 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the salmon and the lyrebird.  
Description: The salbird is is over all squishier than the male dragonfly. It regularly feeds on cat and will only thrive in vast and favorable bogs. 

Animal: SALDEER 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the salmon and the red deer.  
Description: The saldeer is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature red panda. It finds solace in the den of the fox and will find a home in and around stinky exotic dungeons. 

Animal: SALERFLY 
Origin: A hybrid of the salmon and the butterfly.  
Description: The salerfly is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature rat. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single fish and will find a home in and around whimsical shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: SALLABY 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the salmon and the wallaby.  
Description: The sallaby is similar in size to the mouse. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the cat and can only survive in the proximity of fluorescent underground dwellings. 

Animal: SALOISE 
Origin: A marriage between the salmon and the porpoise.  
Description: The saloise is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature tapir. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty jackal and is capable of spending its entire life by grim riverbeds. 

Animal: SALPANDA 
Origin: A mashup between the salmon and the red panda.  
Description: The salpanda is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent giant panda. It regularly feeds on oyster and can be found around freezing crypts. 

Animal: SALRICH 
Origin: A marriage between the salmon and the ostrich.  
Description: The salrich is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature sea lion. It finds solace in the den of the tiger and can only survive in the proximity of windblown riverbeds. 

Animal: SAND AN 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the sand dollar and the swan.  
Description: The sand an is bigger than your average dog. It eats ass and is likely to be found alongside fluorescent trundle beds. 

Animal: SAND DU 
Origin: A marriage between the sand dollar and the kudu.  
Description: The sand du is smaller than a typical swallow. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single wolverine and is likely to be found alongside whimsical riverbeds. 

Animal: SAND KEY 
Origin: A mashup between the sand dollar and the donkey.  
Description: The sand key is much smaller than an average armadillo. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of lemur and is known to frequent stinky exotic dungeons. 

Animal: SAND VE 
Origin: A hybrid of the sand dollar and the dove.  
Description: The sand ve is sometimes found towering over even the tallest emu. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of anteater and can be found around damp bogs. 

Animal: SANDAPI 
Origin: A hybrid of the sandpiper and the okapi.  
Description: The sandapi is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent dogfish. It can be far more intimidating than an elder seal and is capable of spending its entire life by freezing underground dwellings. 

Animal: SANDAT 
Origin: A marriage between the sandpiper and the goat.  
Description: The sandat is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature shrimp. It can be far more intimidating than an elder woodpecker and is likely to be found alongside salty rivers. 

Animal: SANDETAH 
Origin: A marriage between the sandpiper and the cheetah.  
Description: The sandetah is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown crane. It finds solace in the den of the horse and lives by damp creeks. 

Animal: SANDGUIN 
Origin: A hybrid of the sandpiper and the penguin.  
Description: The sandguin is much smaller than an average starling. It is a parasite of the ferret and will find a home in and around salty holes in the ground. 

Animal: SANDKEY 
Origin: A mashup between the sandpiper and the donkey.  
Description: The sandkey is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent bee. It finds solace in the den of the hawk and can only survive in the proximity of cold shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: SANDKEY 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the sandpiper and the donkey.  
Description: The sandkey is is not quite as big as a baby grasshopper. It is a parasite of the mouse and can be found around humid seashores. 

Animal: SANDSANT 
Origin: A marriage between the sandpiper and the pheasant.  
Description: The sandsant is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of wasp. It finds solace in the den of the hare and can be found around stinky creeks. 

Animal: SANDYAK 
Origin: A marriage between the sandpiper and the yak.  
Description: The sandyak is fifty times larger than the standard gnu. It eats magpie and will only thrive in tepid holes in the ground. 

Animal: SAR BLUE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the sardine and the jay, blue.  
Description: The sar blue is more massive than five donkey. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of woodcock and can only survive in the proximity of lime scented trundle beds. 

Animal: SARBEE 
Origin: A mashup between the sardine and the bee.  
Description: The sarbee is is not quite as big as a baby red panda. It can be far more intimidating than an elder finch and is known to frequent windblown bogs. 

Animal: SARGLE 
Origin: A hybrid of the sardine and the eagle.  
Description: The sargle is much smaller than an average newt. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the stingray and breeds in windblown riverbeds. 

Animal: SARKEY 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the sardine and the monkey.  
Description: The sarkey is more massive than five turkey. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of water buffalo and can only survive in the proximity of salty riverbeds. 

Animal: SARODILE 
Origin: A hybrid of the sardine and the crocodile.  
Description: The sarodile is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent moose. It finds solace in the den of the gazelle and lives by vast and favorable holes in the ground. 

Animal: SARODILE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the sardine and the crocodile.  
Description: The sarodile is bigger than your average baboon. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the beaver and will find a home in and around stinky exotic dungeons. 

Animal: SARON 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the sardine and the lion.  
Description: The saron is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature caterpillar. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty panther and will find a home in and around fluorescent underground dwellings. 

Animal: SARTLE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the sardine and the cattle.  
Description: The sartle is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent llama. It eats armadillo and lives by gross but not altogether repulsive rivers. 

Animal: SARUITO 
Origin: A hybrid of the sardine and the mosquito.  
Description: The saruito is is over all squishier than the male otter. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of bee and can only survive in the proximity of windblown seashores. 

Animal: SCORACUDA 
Origin: A mashup between the scorpion and the barracuda.  
Description: The scoracuda is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown marten. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single cod and can be found around freezing crypts. 

Animal: SCORAROO 
Origin: A hybrid of the scorpion and the kangaroo.  
Description: The scoraroo is similar in size to the mink. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of ox and lives by vast and favorable holes in the ground. 

Animal: SCORTURE 
Origin: A hybrid of the scorpion and the vulture.  
Description: The scorture is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent baboon. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single wasp and can be found around humid creeks. 

Animal: SCORUAR 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the scorpion and the jaguar.  
Description: The scoruar is similar in size to the koala. It can be far more intimidating than an elder emu and can only survive in the proximity of lime scented underwater bunkers. 

Animal: SEA AR 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the sea lion and the boar.  
Description: The sea ar is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown giraffe. It is a parasite of the toad and lives by windblown exotic dungeons. 

Animal: SEA AT 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the sea lion and the gnat.  
Description: The sea at is is not quite as big as a baby slow loris. It can make a sound like a kudu and lives by whimsical oceans. 

Animal: SEA DER 
Origin: A hybrid of the sea lion and the spider.  
Description: The sea der is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown baboon. It can swallow a whole barracuda and can be found around humid trundle beds. 

Animal: SEA ETAH 
Origin: A marriage between the sea lion and the cheetah.  
Description: The sea etah is fifty times larger than the standard mole. It can make a sound like a goat and is known to frequent windblown crypts. 

Animal: SEA FISH 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the sea lion and the dogfish.  
Description: The sea fish is much smaller than an average fly. It can be far more intimidating than an elder whale and is known to frequent sour smelling oceans. 

Animal: SEA HOPPER 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the sea lion and the grasshopper.  
Description: The sea hopper is fifty times larger than the standard gnu. It finds solace in the den of the armadillo and can only survive in the proximity of whimsical oceans. 

Animal: SEA LOPE 
Origin: A marriage between the sea lion and the antelope.  
Description: The sea lope is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of chinchilla. It can make a sound like a sand dollar and is likely to be found alongside fluorescent underground dwellings. 

Animal: SEA OW 
Origin: A mashup between the sea lion and the crow.  
Description: The sea ow is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent viper. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the boar and lives by whimsical exotic dungeons. 

Animal: SEA UAB 
Origin: A mashup between the sea urchin and the crab.  
Description: The sea uab is smaller than a typical salamander. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single goldfish and is capable of spending its entire life by windblown underwater bunkers. 

Animal: SEA UDEER 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the sea urchin and the red deer.  
Description: The sea udeer is is over all squishier than the male yak. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of albatross and is known to frequent tepid underground dwellings. 

Animal: SEA UENA 
Origin: A hybrid of the sea urchin and the hyena.  
Description: The sea uena is is over all squishier than the male horse. It lives on the waste of the sheep and lives by salty rivers. 

Animal: SEA USAUR 
Origin: A marriage between the sea urchin and the dinosaur.  
Description: The sea usaur is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown falcon. It lives on the waste of the wolf and will find a home in and around salty rivers. 

Animal: SEA UTROSS 
Origin: A mashup between the sea urchin and the albatross.  
Description: The sea utross is more massive than five slow loris. It can swallow a whole human and is likely to be found alongside lime scented rivers. 

Animal: SEA UWK 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the sea urchin and the hawk.  
Description: The sea uwk is bigger than your average goose. It eats rabbit and is likely to be found alongside dank underwater bunkers. 

Animal: SEAHCAT 
Origin: A hybrid of the seahorse and the cat.  
Description: The seahcat is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of chinchilla. It can be far more intimidating than an elder mule and is known to frequent tepid exotic dungeons. 

Animal: SEAHDILLO 
Origin: A marriage between the seahorse and the armadillo.  
Description: The seahdillo is similar in size to the pheasant. It regularly feeds on yak and is likely to be found alongside salty creeks. 

Animal: SEAHDOG 
Origin: A hybrid of the seahorse and the dog.  
Description: The seahdog is is over all squishier than the male sheep. It can swallow a whole yak and will find a home in and around grim rivers. 

Animal: SEAHORSE 
Origin: A mashup between the seahorse and the seahorse.  
Description: The seahorse is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent rat. It eats komodo dragon and is likely to be found alongside humid riverbeds. 

Animal: SEAHRET 
Origin: A marriage between the seahorse and the ferret.  
Description: The seahret is fifty times larger than the standard cheetah. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of eagle and can be found around gross but not altogether repulsive underwater bunkers. 

Animal: SEAHROT 
Origin: A marriage between the seahorse and the parrot.  
Description: The seahrot is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature porpoise. It is a parasite of the stinkbug and lives by gross but not altogether repulsive crypts. 

Animal: SEAHVE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the seahorse and the dove.  
Description: The seahve is much smaller than an average turtle. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the oyster and will only thrive in salty underwater bunkers. 

Animal: SEBEE 
Origin: A hybrid of the seal and the bee.  
Description: The sebee is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of goose. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the camel and lives by dank holes in the ground. 

Animal: SEEEP 
Origin: A mashup between the seal and the sheep.  
Description: The seeep is smaller than a typical rook. It can swallow a whole pig and can only survive in the proximity of murky holes in the ground. 

Animal: SENY 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the seal and the pony.  
Description: The seny is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature koala. It lives on the waste of the louse and can be found around salty creeks. 

Animal: SEON 
Origin: A marriage between the seal and the lion.  
Description: The seon is bigger than your average slow loris. It finds solace in the den of the monkey and can only survive in the proximity of tepid creeks. 

Animal: SEORSE 
Origin: A marriage between the seal and the seahorse.  
Description: The seorse is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature cockroach. It finds solace in the den of the hare and will find a home in and around whimsical seashores. 

Animal: SEPHIN 
Origin: A mashup between the seal and the dolphin.  
Description: The sephin is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent squirrel. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty pelican and will only thrive in stinky riverbeds. 

Animal: SHANZEE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the shrew and the chimpanzee.  
Description: The shanzee is sometimes found towering over even the tallest bee. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty red deer and will only thrive in gross but not altogether repulsive rivers. 

Animal: SHBAT 
Origin: A mashup between the shrew and the wombat.  
Description: The shbat is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of lemur. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the alpaca and will find a home in and around stinky riverbeds. 

Animal: SHCOCK 
Origin: A marriage between the shrew and the woodcock.  
Description: The shcock is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown lion. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single llama and is likely to be found alongside windblown seashores. 

Animal: SHNGBIRD 
Origin: A mashup between the shrew and the hummingbird.  
Description: The shngbird is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of shrew. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty zebra and can only survive in the proximity of windblown exotic dungeons. 

Animal: SHNY 
Origin: A marriage between the shark and the pony.  
Description: The shny is is over all squishier than the male ram. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single locust and can be found around stinky crypts. 

Animal: SHORSE 
Origin: A mashup between the shark and the seahorse.  
Description: The shorse is is not quite as big as a baby mule. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of rat and will find a home in and around fluorescent trundle beds. 

Animal: SHOUT 
Origin: A marriage between the shrew and the trout.  
Description: The shout is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature donkey. It can be far more intimidating than an elder walrus and lives by murky trundle beds. 

Animal: SHRA FOWL 
Origin: A marriage between the shrimp and the guinea fowl.  
Description: The shra fowl is bigger than your average loris. It eats grouse and is known to frequent humid rivers. 

Animal: SHRK 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the sheep and the lark.  
Description: The shrk is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of weasel. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty ox and breeds in salty crypts. 

Animal: SHRKAL 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the shrimp and the jackal.  
Description: The shrkal is is over all squishier than the male slow loris. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty pigeon and lives by humid exotic dungeons. 

Animal: SHRLABY 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the shrimp and the wallaby.  
Description: The shrlaby is more massive than five gazelle. It regularly feeds on zebra and breeds in dank underwater bunkers. 

Animal: SHRLF 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the shrimp and the wolf.  
Description: The shrlf is smaller than a typical scorpion. It lives on the waste of the ram and can only survive in the proximity of grim holes in the ground. 

Animal: SHRLING 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the shrimp and the starling.  
Description: The shrling is sometimes found towering over even the tallest swallow. It can swallow a whole ant and is capable of spending its entire life by humid rivers. 

Animal: SHRLION 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the shrimp and the sea lion.  
Description: The shrlion is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of cat. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single trout and breeds in tepid rivers. 

Animal: SHRNY 
Origin: A hybrid of the shrimp and the pony.  
Description: The shrny is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of rabbit. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the jackal and breeds in vast and favorable oceans. 

Animal: SHROT 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the sheep and the parrot.  
Description: The shrot is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent shrew. It can be far more intimidating than an elder shrew and can only survive in the proximity of murky creeks. 

Animal: SHRRUS 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the shrimp and the walrus.  
Description: The shrrus is more massive than five salmon. It is a parasite of the termite and can be found around stinky riverbeds. 

Animal: SHRRUS 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the shrimp and the walrus.  
Description: The shrrus is sometimes found towering over even the tallest ostrich. It can make a sound like a crocodile and is capable of spending its entire life by stinky bogs. 

Animal: SHRTER 
Origin: A hybrid of the shrimp and the oyster.  
Description: The shrter is more massive than five falcon. It can make a sound like a prairie dog and will only thrive in freezing trundle beds. 

Animal: SHRTER 
Origin: A marriage between the shrimp and the oyster.  
Description: The shrter is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature reindeer. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the panther and can only survive in the proximity of grim crypts. 

Animal: SHSON 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the shark and the bison.  
Description: The shson is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown shark. It can swallow a whole oyster and will find a home in and around sour smelling riverbeds. 

Animal: SHTHER 
Origin: A mashup between the shrew and the panther.  
Description: The shther is is over all squishier than the male zebra. It eats toad and is known to frequent windblown bogs. 

Animal: SHUSE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the shark and the mouse.  
Description: The shuse is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of goldfish. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty hawk and will find a home in and around damp seashores. 

Animal: SHUST 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the shrew and the locust.  
Description: The shust is bigger than your average turtle. It is a parasite of the goose and is likely to be found alongside vast and favorable seashores. 

Animal: SHVARK 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the sheep and the aardvark.  
Description: The shvark is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent koala. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of sheep and lives by tepid creeks. 

Animal: SHWHAL 
Origin: A hybrid of the sheep and the narwhal.  
Description: The shwhal is sometimes found towering over even the tallest pony. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of duck and can be found around humid shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: SKIMP 
Origin: A marriage between the skunk and the shrimp.  
Description: The skimp is sometimes found towering over even the tallest swallow. It eats chinchilla and is known to frequent sour smelling underwater bunkers. 

Animal: SKNY 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the skunk and the pony.  
Description: The skny is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent duck. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single louse and is known to frequent stinky holes in the ground. 

Animal: SKRIS 
Origin: A mashup between the skunk and the loris.  
Description: The skris is bigger than your average rhinoceros. It regularly feeds on seahorse and can only survive in the proximity of grim oceans. 

Animal: SLOW AB 
Origin: A mashup between the slow loris and the crab.  
Description: The slow ab is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature raccoon. It eats mule and can only survive in the proximity of damp shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: SLOW BIRD 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the slow loris and the lyrebird.  
Description: The slow bird is more massive than five rhinoceros. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty pig and is capable of spending its entire life by tepid seashores. 

Animal: SLOW BUFFALO 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the slow loris and the water buffalo.  
Description: The slow buffalo is is over all squishier than the male mink. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty coyote and is capable of spending its entire life by windblown oceans. 

Animal: SLOW LE 
Origin: A marriage between the slow loris and the mole.  
Description: The slow le is smaller than a typical penguin. It regularly feeds on stork and lives by windblown rivers. 

Animal: SLOW RICH 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the slow loris and the ostrich.  
Description: The slow rich is much smaller than an average bear. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single yak and lives by whimsical crypts. 

Animal: SLOW SON 
Origin: A hybrid of the slow loris and the bison.  
Description: The slow son is sometimes found towering over even the tallest ass. It lives on the waste of the horse and is likely to be found alongside whimsical riverbeds. 

Animal: SNAD 
Origin: A marriage between the snake and the toad.  
Description: The snad is smaller than a typical elk. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the raccoon and will find a home in and around whimsical moss patties. 

Animal: SNALE 
Origin: A hybrid of the snail and the whale.  
Description: The snale is smaller than a typical finch. It can swallow a whole viper and can only survive in the proximity of lime scented riverbeds. 

Animal: SNDEER 
Origin: A marriage between the snake and the red deer.  
Description: The sndeer is bigger than your average magpie. It is a parasite of the meerkat and can be found around sour smelling rivers. 

Animal: SNEEP 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the snake and the sheep.  
Description: The sneep is sometimes found towering over even the tallest red panda. It can be far more intimidating than an elder emu and can be found around windblown underground dwellings. 

Animal: SNEN 
Origin: A marriage between the snail and the wren.  
Description: The snen is sometimes found towering over even the tallest chinchilla. It can be far more intimidating than an elder guinea fowl and can only survive in the proximity of freezing oceans. 

Animal: SNEON 
Origin: A marriage between the snake and the pigeon.  
Description: The sneon is fifty times larger than the standard gorilla. It eats butterfly and can only survive in the proximity of freezing underground dwellings. 

Animal: SNNCH 
Origin: A hybrid of the snake and the finch.  
Description: The snnch is fifty times larger than the standard rat. It finds solace in the den of the stingray and can be found around whimsical holes in the ground. 

Animal: SNODILE 
Origin: A marriage between the snail and the crocodile.  
Description: The snodile is fifty times larger than the standard chicken. It eats toad and is capable of spending its entire life by dank moss patties. 

Animal: SNPION 
Origin: A marriage between the snail and the scorpion.  
Description: The snpion is more massive than five grouse. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single baboon and can only survive in the proximity of murky creeks. 

Animal: SNSSUM 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the snail and the opossum.  
Description: The snssum is is not quite as big as a baby elephant. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single caribou and is likely to be found alongside whimsical creeks. 

Animal: SNTEN 
Origin: A mashup between the snake and the marten.  
Description: The snten is is over all squishier than the male chimpanzee. It regularly feeds on dragonfly and is likely to be found alongside sour smelling exotic dungeons. 

Animal: SNTER 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the snake and the otter.  
Description: The snter is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature termite. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the fox and can only survive in the proximity of stinky bogs. 

Animal: SNYFISH 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the snake and the jellyfish.  
Description: The snyfish is is over all squishier than the male reindeer. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the beaver and will only thrive in windblown crypts. 

Animal: SPIAFFE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the spider and the giraffe.  
Description: The spiaffe is sometimes found towering over even the tallest mink. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single stingray and is capable of spending its entire life by damp exotic dungeons. 

Animal: SPIANT 
Origin: A marriage between the spider and the ant.  
Description: The spiant is sometimes found towering over even the tallest bison. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single opossum and is known to frequent damp trundle beds. 

Animal: SPIAPI 
Origin: A hybrid of the spider and the okapi.  
Description: The spiapi is similar in size to the donkey. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of alpaca and is likely to be found alongside dank holes in the ground. 

Animal: SPIEEL 
Origin: A mashup between the spider and the eel.  
Description: The spieel is fifty times larger than the standard sheep. It lives on the waste of the quail and is known to frequent salty exotic dungeons. 

Animal: SPIREW 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the spider and the shrew.  
Description: The spirew is more massive than five wallaby. It can be far more intimidating than an elder termite and can only survive in the proximity of sour smelling rivers. 

Animal: SPIRIS 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the spider and the loris.  
Description: The spiris is more massive than five mule. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the scorpion and can be found around dank rivers. 

Animal: SPIUAR 
Origin: A hybrid of the spider and the jaguar.  
Description: The spiuar is is over all squishier than the male goldfish. It regularly feeds on komodo dragon and can only survive in the proximity of dank underwater bunkers. 

Animal: SQANE 
Origin: A mashup between the squid and the crane.  
Description: The sqane is is over all squishier than the male wolverine. It can make a sound like a jackal and will find a home in and around whimsical seashores. 

Animal: SQBEE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the squid and the bee.  
Description: The sqbee is smaller than a typical antelope. It lives on the waste of the lyrebird and is capable of spending its entire life by freezing bogs. 

Animal: SQEHOG 
Origin: A mashup between the squid and the hedgehog.  
Description: The sqehog is fifty times larger than the standard swallow. It regularly feeds on duck and will find a home in and around fluorescent trundle beds. 

Animal: SQGER 
Origin: A marriage between the squid and the badger.  
Description: The sqger is similar in size to the boar. It regularly feeds on anteater and can only survive in the proximity of vast and favorable exotic dungeons. 

Animal: SQIMP 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the squid and the shrimp.  
Description: The sqimp is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of ram. It can make a sound like a goldfinch and is capable of spending its entire life by stinky creeks. 

Animal: SQKAL 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the squid and the jackal.  
Description: The sqkal is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent otter. It regularly feeds on donkey and breeds in sour smelling trundle beds. 

Animal: SQORANT 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the squid and the cormorant.  
Description: The sqorant is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown hummingbird. It is a parasite of the tiger and is likely to be found alongside gross but not altogether repulsive moss patties. 

Animal: SQORK 
Origin: A hybrid of the squid and the stork.  
Description: The sqork is is not quite as big as a baby oyster. It is a parasite of the rook and will find a home in and around vast and favorable trundle beds. 

Animal: SQROT 
Origin: A hybrid of the squid and the parrot.  
Description: The sqrot is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of mole. It can be far more intimidating than an elder woodcock and can only survive in the proximity of vast and favorable holes in the ground. 

Animal: SQUIAD 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the squirrel and the toad.  
Description: The squiad is smaller than a typical yak. It eats sea lion and lives by sour smelling trundle beds. 

Animal: SQUIAROO 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the squirrel and the kangaroo.  
Description: The squiaroo is smaller than a typical ant. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of porpoise and is capable of spending its entire life by dank underground dwellings. 

Animal: SQUIBEE 
Origin: A marriage between the squirrel and the bee.  
Description: The squibee is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of antelope. It is a parasite of the anteater and is capable of spending its entire life by lime scented exotic dungeons. 

Animal: SQUICON 
Origin: A mashup between the squirrel and the falcon.  
Description: The squicon is similar in size to the viper. It can be far more intimidating than an elder mallard and is capable of spending its entire life by lime scented rivers. 

Animal: SQUIDEER 
Origin: A mashup between the squirrel and the red deer.  
Description: The squideer is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown caterpillar. It lives on the waste of the horse and lives by dank rivers. 

Animal: SQUIFALO 
Origin: A marriage between the squirrel and the buffalo.  
Description: The squifalo is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of sheep. It regularly feeds on woodpecker and breeds in stinky crypts. 

Animal: SQUIIE DOG 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the squirrel and the prairie dog.  
Description: The squiie dog is is not quite as big as a baby cat. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of sardine and is known to frequent lime scented crypts. 

Animal: SQUIIE DOG 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the squirrel and the prairie dog.  
Description: The squiie dog is sometimes found towering over even the tallest sand dollar. It is a parasite of the snail and lives by cold moss patties. 

Animal: SQUIORK 
Origin: A hybrid of the squirrel and the stork.  
Description: The squiork is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown red deer. It can make a sound like a goat and can only survive in the proximity of murky oceans. 

Animal: SQUIOWL 
Origin: A mashup between the squirrel and the owl.  
Description: The squiowl is sometimes found towering over even the tallest hare. It finds solace in the den of the pheasant and will only thrive in dank rivers. 

Animal: SQUST 
Origin: A hybrid of the squid and the locust.  
Description: The squst is smaller than a typical gnu. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty emu and is known to frequent dank bogs. 

Animal: STACA 
Origin: A marriage between the stork and the alpaca.  
Description: The staca is more massive than five llama. It can make a sound like a albatross and is known to frequent humid underground dwellings. 

Animal: STARAPE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the starling and the ape.  
Description: The starape is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent walrus. It eats hedgehog and will only thrive in gross but not altogether repulsive underground dwellings. 

Animal: STARNCH 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the starling and the finch.  
Description: The starnch is much smaller than an average mallard. It can make a sound like a wallaby and breeds in windblown shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: STARORK 
Origin: A mashup between the starling and the stork.  
Description: The starork is is over all squishier than the male albatross. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty seal and can be found around humid oceans. 

Animal: STARRON 
Origin: A marriage between the starling and the heron.  
Description: The starron is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature chimpanzee. It regularly feeds on pelican and is likely to be found alongside salty creeks. 

Animal: STARVE 
Origin: A marriage between the starling and the dove.  
Description: The starve is bigger than your average bear. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the owl and can only survive in the proximity of stinky underwater bunkers. 

Animal: STECKER 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the stork and the woodpecker.  
Description: The stecker is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent cormorant. It regularly feeds on dragonfly and breeds in cold seashores. 

Animal: STICAN 
Origin: A marriage between the stork and the pelican.  
Description: The stican is smaller than a typical goat. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single mule and is known to frequent gross but not altogether repulsive creeks. 

Animal: STINAROO 
Origin: A hybrid of the stinkbug and the kangaroo.  
Description: The stinaroo is similar in size to the beaver. It finds solace in the den of the lemur and is capable of spending its entire life by gross but not altogether repulsive moss patties. 

Animal: STINAT 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the stinkbug and the goat.  
Description: The stinat is sometimes found towering over even the tallest oyster. It lives on the waste of the slow loris and is known to frequent whimsical moss patties. 

Animal: STINBAT 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the stingray and the wombat.  
Description: The stinbat is much smaller than an average wallaby. It is a parasite of the horse and is likely to be found alongside lime scented underground dwellings. 

Animal: STINCEROS 
Origin: A marriage between the stinkbug and the rhinoceros.  
Description: The stinceros is much smaller than an average wren. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of mule and is known to frequent whimsical underground dwellings. 

Animal: STINCOCK 
Origin: A mashup between the stinkbug and the woodcock.  
Description: The stincock is more massive than five monkey. It finds solace in the den of the toad and is capable of spending its entire life by salty moss patties. 

Animal: STINENA 
Origin: A mashup between the stingray and the hyena.  
Description: The stinena is much smaller than an average wolverine. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the narwhal and will only thrive in salty exotic dungeons. 

Animal: STINHOPPER 
Origin: A marriage between the stinkbug and the grasshopper.  
Description: The stinhopper is smaller than a typical weasel. It is a parasite of the mule and breeds in windblown oceans. 

Animal: STININGO 
Origin: A mashup between the stingray and the flamingo.  
Description: The stiningo is smaller than a typical jackal. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single gerbil and is likely to be found alongside dank seashores. 

Animal: STINLE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the stinkbug and the mole.  
Description: The stinle is more massive than five butterfly. It can make a sound like a rabbit and can only survive in the proximity of salty holes in the ground. 

Animal: STINON 
Origin: A mashup between the stinkbug and the lion.  
Description: The stinon is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown gnat. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of bear and will only thrive in grim bogs. 

Animal: STINORK 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the stinkbug and the stork.  
Description: The stinork is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of elephant. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of bat and is likely to be found alongside salty crypts. 

Animal: STINRING 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the stingray and the herring.  
Description: The stinring is much smaller than an average mosquito. It regularly feeds on fly and will only thrive in tepid underwater bunkers. 

Animal: STINSAUR 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the stinkbug and the dinosaur.  
Description: The stinsaur is smaller than a typical penguin. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty hamster and can only survive in the proximity of gross but not altogether repulsive trundle beds. 

Animal: STINVARK 
Origin: A mashup between the stingray and the aardvark.  
Description: The stinvark is bigger than your average deer. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single beaver and lives by fluorescent crypts. 

Animal: STMEL 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the stork and the camel.  
Description: The stmel is more massive than five hyena. It is a parasite of the elk and is known to frequent fluorescent trundle beds. 

Animal: STREW 
Origin: A mashup between the stork and the shrew.  
Description: The strew is similar in size to the prairie dog. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of ferret and lives by humid crypts. 

Animal: STSON 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the stork and the bison.  
Description: The stson is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown squirrel. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single aardvark and breeds in salty seashores. 

Animal: STUID 
Origin: A marriage between the stork and the squid.  
Description: The stuid is bigger than your average goat. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of water buffalo and is likely to be found alongside windblown moss patties. 

Animal: STUPINE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the stork and the porcupine.  
Description: The stupine is is not quite as big as a baby finch. It can be far more intimidating than an elder bat and is likely to be found alongside gross but not altogether repulsive trundle beds. 

Animal: SWA PIG 
Origin: A marriage between the swan and the guinea pig.  
Description: The swa pig is bigger than your average deer. It is a parasite of the wasp and is capable of spending its entire life by lime scented underwater bunkers. 

Animal: SWAAIL 
Origin: A marriage between the swallow and the quail.  
Description: The swaail is similar in size to the wallaby. It eats fly and will find a home in and around grim shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: SWACK 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the swallow and the duck.  
Description: The swack is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature penguin. It lives on the waste of the raven and can be found around fluorescent shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: SWAEON 
Origin: A mashup between the swallow and the pigeon.  
Description: The swaeon is is not quite as big as a baby skunk. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of chinchilla and will only thrive in grim crypts. 

Animal: SWAKEY 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the swallow and the monkey.  
Description: The swakey is sometimes found towering over even the tallest jay. It eats hornet and will find a home in and around fluorescent holes in the ground. 

Animal: SWAL 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the swan and the seal.  
Description: The swal is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of eagle. It can make a sound like a jay, blue and is capable of spending its entire life by fluorescent seashores. 

Animal: SWAOPUS 
Origin: A marriage between the swallow and the octopus.  
Description: The swaopus is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of woodpecker. It can swallow a whole rook and will only thrive in cold shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: SWAPER 
Origin: A marriage between the swallow and the viper.  
Description: The swaper is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature marten. It can be far more intimidating than an elder finch and will find a home in and around grim riverbeds. 

Animal: SWARSE 
Origin: A marriage between the swallow and the horse.  
Description: The swarse is is not quite as big as a baby cattle. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty raccoon and is capable of spending its entire life by murky exotic dungeons. 

Animal: SWATROSS 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the swallow and the albatross.  
Description: The swatross is much smaller than an average newt. It finds solace in the den of the fox and breeds in grim riverbeds. 

Animal: SWAWT 
Origin: A marriage between the swallow and the newt.  
Description: The swawt is similar in size to the seahorse. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single woodcock and is capable of spending its entire life by fluorescent underground dwellings. 

Animal: SWLABY 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the swan and the wallaby.  
Description: The swlaby is sometimes found towering over even the tallest elephant. It finds solace in the den of the ox and will only thrive in gross but not altogether repulsive holes in the ground. 

Animal: SWOON 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the swan and the baboon.  
Description: The swoon is sometimes found towering over even the tallest wolverine. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty emu and will only thrive in stinky shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: TAANDER 
Origin: A mashup between the tapir and the salamander.  
Description: The taander is is over all squishier than the male newt. It can swallow a whole gorilla and will only thrive in damp oceans. 

Animal: TAECKER 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the tapir and the woodpecker.  
Description: The taecker is fifty times larger than the standard kudu. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single gazelle and will only thrive in damp holes in the ground. 

Animal: TAEEL 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the tapir and the eel.  
Description: The taeel is more massive than five mosquito. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of elephant seal and is known to frequent cold trundle beds. 

Animal: TAILLA 
Origin: A hybrid of the tapir and the gorilla.  
Description: The tailla is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of duck. It can be far more intimidating than an elder giant panda and will only thrive in sour smelling underground dwellings. 

Animal: TAKAL 
Origin: A mashup between the tapir and the jackal.  
Description: The takal is much smaller than an average pelican. It eats stinkbug and can only survive in the proximity of freezing seashores. 

Animal: TAKEY 
Origin: A hybrid of the tapir and the turkey.  
Description: The takey is smaller than a typical hyena. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of swan and is known to frequent windblown creeks. 

Animal: TAOON 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the tapir and the baboon.  
Description: The taoon is is not quite as big as a baby elephant. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single yak and is known to frequent windblown oceans. 

Animal: TAOTE 
Origin: A marriage between the tapir and the coyote.  
Description: The taote is similar in size to the squid. It can swallow a whole newt and is likely to be found alongside cold underground dwellings. 

Animal: TARAT 
Origin: A marriage between the tapir and the rat.  
Description: The tarat is is not quite as big as a baby toad. It can swallow a whole baboon and breeds in damp underwater bunkers. 

Animal: TATROSS 
Origin: A mashup between the tapir and the albatross.  
Description: The tatross is similar in size to the wren. It regularly feeds on cormorant and will find a home in and around vast and favorable shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: TERCKEN 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the termite and the chicken.  
Description: The tercken is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown dolphin. It regularly feeds on elephant and is likely to be found alongside humid riverbeds. 

Animal: TERDER 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the termite and the spider.  
Description: The terder is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent slow loris. It can make a sound like a wren and breeds in stinky underground dwellings. 

Animal: TERELLE 
Origin: A hybrid of the termite and the gazelle.  
Description: The terelle is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown kangaroo. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the duck and breeds in dank underwater bunkers. 

Animal: TERMITE 
Origin: A mashup between the termite and the termite.  
Description: The termite is fifty times larger than the standard sandpiper. It regularly feeds on porcupine and lives by gross but not altogether repulsive underwater bunkers. 

Animal: TERMON 
Origin: A marriage between the termite and the salmon.  
Description: The termon is similar in size to the finch. It can swallow a whole elk and breeds in humid bogs. 

Animal: TERNT SEAL 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the termite and the elephant seal.  
Description: The ternt seal is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of spider. It can make a sound like a ape and will find a home in and around freezing creeks. 

Animal: TEROSE 
Origin: A marriage between the termite and the moose.  
Description: The terose is much smaller than an average flamingo. It lives on the waste of the snake and can only survive in the proximity of fluorescent holes in the ground. 

Animal: TERRUS 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the termite and the walrus.  
Description: The terrus is sometimes found towering over even the tallest hamster. It can make a sound like a flamingo and will only thrive in murky exotic dungeons. 

Animal: TERUID 
Origin: A mashup between the termite and the squid.  
Description: The teruid is more massive than five owl. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single weasel and will find a home in and around cold exotic dungeons. 

Animal: TIETAH 
Origin: A mashup between the tiger and the cheetah.  
Description: The tietah is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown komodo dragon. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty trout and is known to frequent lime scented rivers. 

Animal: TIHILLA 
Origin: A marriage between the tiger and the chinchilla.  
Description: The tihilla is is over all squishier than the male squirrel. It can make a sound like a caterpillar and is known to frequent sour smelling underwater bunkers. 

Animal: TILLOW 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the tiger and the swallow.  
Description: The tillow is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent jay, blue. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single barracuda and can be found around stinky exotic dungeons. 

Animal: TIRM 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the tiger and the worm.  
Description: The tirm is is over all squishier than the male oyster. It can swallow a whole flamingo and will only thrive in grim holes in the ground. 

Animal: TOAL 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the toad and the seal.  
Description: The toal is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature chinchilla. It finds solace in the den of the quail and can be found around cold holes in the ground. 

Animal: TODINE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the toad and the sardine.  
Description: The todine is sometimes found towering over even the tallest shark. It finds solace in the den of the partridge and breeds in salty oceans. 

Animal: TOGRAY 
Origin: A marriage between the toad and the stingray.  
Description: The togray is fifty times larger than the standard hare. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the armadillo and breeds in murky seashores. 

Animal: TOOG 
Origin: A marriage between the toad and the frog.  
Description: The toog is is over all squishier than the male lobster. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single turtle and can be found around dank moss patties. 

Animal: TOOON 
Origin: A mashup between the toad and the baboon.  
Description: The tooon is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature dragonfly. It can be far more intimidating than an elder turkey and is capable of spending its entire life by murky shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: TOOTE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the toad and the coyote.  
Description: The toote is smaller than a typical crocodile. It can make a sound like a lyrebird and is known to frequent murky moss patties. 

Animal: TOUPINE 
Origin: A mashup between the toad and the porcupine.  
Description: The toupine is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of marten. It finds solace in the den of the crane and breeds in humid creeks. 

Animal: TOVEN 
Origin: A mashup between the toad and the raven.  
Description: The toven is sometimes found towering over even the tallest goat. It can swallow a whole bear and is known to frequent tepid crypts. 

Animal: TR PANDA 
Origin: A mashup between the trout and the giant panda.  
Description: The tr panda is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown falcon. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of butterfly and is known to frequent vast and favorable underground dwellings. 

Animal: TRATEE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the trout and the manatee.  
Description: The tratee is smaller than a typical bat. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty rhinoceros and breeds in whimsical bogs. 

Animal: TRBAT 
Origin: A marriage between the trout and the bat.  
Description: The trbat is smaller than a typical raccoon. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the elephant seal and is capable of spending its entire life by vast and favorable underwater bunkers. 

Animal: TRBIRD 
Origin: A hybrid of the trout and the lyrebird.  
Description: The trbird is is over all squishier than the male boar. It regularly feeds on barracuda and is known to frequent windblown underground dwellings. 

Animal: TRBRA 
Origin: A hybrid of the trout and the zebra.  
Description: The trbra is more massive than five oyster. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of sea lion and will find a home in and around gross but not altogether repulsive rivers. 

Animal: TRUST 
Origin: A marriage between the trout and the locust.  
Description: The trust is fifty times larger than the standard fly. It eats mole and can only survive in the proximity of windblown holes in the ground. 

Animal: TRYX 
Origin: A marriage between the trout and the oryx.  
Description: The tryx is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown wombat. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the buffalo and will find a home in and around windblown seashores. 

Animal: TURAKE 
Origin: A marriage between the turtle and the snake.  
Description: The turake is much smaller than an average jay, blue. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of elk and will find a home in and around fluorescent moss patties. 

Animal: TUREMU 
Origin: A hybrid of the turkey and the emu.  
Description: The turemu is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature wallaby. It can swallow a whole weasel and can only survive in the proximity of tepid exotic dungeons. 

Animal: TUREON 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the turtle and the pigeon.  
Description: The tureon is bigger than your average salmon. It can make a sound like a red panda and will only thrive in dank bogs. 

Animal: TURFLY 
Origin: A hybrid of the turtle and the fly.  
Description: The turfly is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of partridge. It lives on the waste of the aardvark and is capable of spending its entire life by whimsical holes in the ground. 

Animal: TURKAL 
Origin: A hybrid of the turkey and the jackal.  
Description: The turkal is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown hornet. It is a parasite of the hare and is capable of spending its entire life by grim seashores. 

Animal: TURON 
Origin: A mashup between the turtle and the lion.  
Description: The turon is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent lobster. It can swallow a whole mole and can only survive in the proximity of vast and favorable underground dwellings. 

Animal: TURORANT 
Origin: A marriage between the turkey and the cormorant.  
Description: The turorant is more massive than five hawk. It can swallow a whole goat and will only thrive in fluorescent shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: TUROTE 
Origin: A marriage between the turkey and the coyote.  
Description: The turote is bigger than your average raccoon. It is a parasite of the bear and can only survive in the proximity of lime scented underwater bunkers. 

Animal: TURPER 
Origin: A hybrid of the turkey and the viper.  
Description: The turper is sometimes found towering over even the tallest woodcock. It can swallow a whole shrew and can only survive in the proximity of vast and favorable creeks. 

Animal: TURPER 
Origin: A marriage between the turtle and the viper.  
Description: The turper is smaller than a typical swan. It regularly feeds on alpaca and lives by grim moss patties. 

Animal: TURRAT 
Origin: A mashup between the turtle and the rat.  
Description: The turrat is is over all squishier than the male squirrel. It can be far more intimidating than an elder hare and will find a home in and around murky oceans. 

Animal: TURRKAT 
Origin: A mashup between the turtle and the meerkat.  
Description: The turrkat is similar in size to the fly. It regularly feeds on reindeer and can only survive in the proximity of freezing bogs. 

Animal: TURTER 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the turtle and the oyster.  
Description: The turter is fifty times larger than the standard viper. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of jackal and will find a home in and around humid underground dwellings. 

Animal: TURVEN 
Origin: A mashup between the turkey and the raven.  
Description: The turven is fifty times larger than the standard caterpillar. It finds solace in the den of the albatross and lives by dank crypts. 

Animal: VIAIL 
Origin: A hybrid of the viper and the snail.  
Description: The viail is sometimes found towering over even the tallest raccoon. It can be far more intimidating than an elder rat and is likely to be found alongside windblown trundle beds. 

Animal: VIANT 
Origin: A hybrid of the viper and the ant.  
Description: The viant is smaller than a typical koala. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty alpaca and is known to frequent whimsical shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: VIARK 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the viper and the shark.  
Description: The viark is fifty times larger than the standard flamingo. It can make a sound like a butterfly and can only survive in the proximity of windblown creeks. 

Animal: VIOISE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the viper and the porpoise.  
Description: The vioise is much smaller than an average chicken. It can be far more intimidating than an elder narwhal and can only survive in the proximity of stinky riverbeds. 

Animal: VIOPUS 
Origin: A mashup between the viper and the octopus.  
Description: The viopus is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown gnu. It can be far more intimidating than an elder koala and is likely to be found alongside humid rivers. 

Animal: VIOW 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the viper and the crow.  
Description: The viow is fifty times larger than the standard jaguar. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single chinchilla and is likely to be found alongside fluorescent underground dwellings. 

Animal: VIPER 
Origin: A hybrid of the viper and the viper.  
Description: The viper is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of lobster. It can make a sound like a jellyfish and will only thrive in windblown creeks. 

Animal: VISAUR 
Origin: A mashup between the viper and the dinosaur.  
Description: The visaur is sometimes found towering over even the tallest sea urchin. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the dolphin and will find a home in and around tepid exotic dungeons. 

Animal: VISP 
Origin: A mashup between the viper and the wasp.  
Description: The visp is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature jackal. It is a parasite of the camel and is known to frequent dank crypts. 

Animal: VULBEE 
Origin: A marriage between the vulture and the bee.  
Description: The vulbee is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of caribou. It finds solace in the den of the skunk and is likely to be found alongside cold bogs. 

Animal: VULCK 
Origin: A mashup between the vulture and the duck.  
Description: The vulck is is over all squishier than the male jay. It eats sand dollar and is capable of spending its entire life by lime scented rivers. 

Animal: VULEON 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the vulture and the pigeon.  
Description: The vuleon is much smaller than an average flamingo. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of shark and is capable of spending its entire life by dank underground dwellings. 

Animal: VULERINE 
Origin: A hybrid of the vulture and the wolverine.  
Description: The vulerine is is over all squishier than the male peafowl. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single stork and will find a home in and around sour smelling underwater bunkers. 

Animal: VULINGALE 
Origin: A marriage between the vulture and the nightingale.  
Description: The vulingale is is over all squishier than the male emu. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the prairie dog and breeds in lime scented crypts. 

Animal: WAAFFE 
Origin: A hybrid of the wasp and the giraffe.  
Description: The waaffe is more massive than five komodo dragon. It is a parasite of the mallard and lives by gross but not altogether repulsive holes in the ground. 

Animal: WACK 
Origin: A mashup between the wasp and the duck.  
Description: The wack is much smaller than an average wolf. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the manatee and will find a home in and around cold oceans. 

Animal: WACKEN 
Origin: A hybrid of the wasp and the chicken.  
Description: The wacken is fifty times larger than the standard magpie. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of magpie and breeds in cold exotic dungeons. 

Animal: WALAB 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the wallaby and the crab.  
Description: The walab is much smaller than an average salamander. It lives on the waste of the stinkbug and is known to frequent tepid trundle beds. 

Animal: WALACUDA 
Origin: A marriage between the wallaby and the barracuda.  
Description: The walacuda is fifty times larger than the standard zebra. It can be far more intimidating than an elder hamster and is likely to be found alongside lime scented underground dwellings. 

Animal: WALAIL 
Origin: A mashup between the wallaby and the quail.  
Description: The walail is is over all squishier than the male salamander. It lives on the waste of the shrew and is known to frequent sour smelling rivers. 

Animal: WALILLA 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the wallaby and the gorilla.  
Description: The walilla is bigger than your average stingray. It regularly feeds on elk and is capable of spending its entire life by fluorescent creeks. 

Animal: WALKEY 
Origin: A hybrid of the walrus and the monkey.  
Description: The walkey is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature butterfly. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of hedgehog and will only thrive in humid exotic dungeons. 

Animal: WALKEY 
Origin: A mashup between the walrus and the monkey.  
Description: The walkey is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent porcupine. It can be far more intimidating than an elder otter and is capable of spending its entire life by humid riverbeds. 

Animal: WALLING 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the walrus and the starling.  
Description: The walling is similar in size to the hedgehog. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of narwhal and is likely to be found alongside gross but not altogether repulsive underwater bunkers. 

Animal: WALLOPE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the walrus and the antelope.  
Description: The wallope is is not quite as big as a baby opossum. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty walrus and can only survive in the proximity of salty seashores. 

Animal: WALLORIS 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the wallaby and the slow loris.  
Description: The walloris is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of crane. It finds solace in the den of the cod and can only survive in the proximity of damp seashores. 

Animal: WALOK 
Origin: A mashup between the wallaby and the rook.  
Description: The walok is smaller than a typical falcon. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of komodo dragon and can only survive in the proximity of fluorescent moss patties. 

Animal: WALPER 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the wallaby and the viper.  
Description: The walper is smaller than a typical red deer. It can swallow a whole stork and is capable of spending its entire life by vast and favorable shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: WALPIE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the wallaby and the magpie.  
Description: The walpie is sometimes found towering over even the tallest badger. It can make a sound like a prairie dog and lives by windblown oceans. 

Animal: WALRAM 
Origin: A hybrid of the walrus and the ram.  
Description: The walram is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown loris. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of anteater and is known to frequent stinky rivers. 

Animal: WALRAT 
Origin: A mashup between the wallaby and the rat.  
Description: The walrat is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature wallaby. It eats chicken and will find a home in and around windblown holes in the ground. 

Animal: WALRE 
Origin: A marriage between the wallaby and the hare.  
Description: The walre is smaller than a typical red panda. It is a parasite of the alligator and is known to frequent tepid shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: WALRICH 
Origin: A mashup between the walrus and the ostrich.  
Description: The walrich is more massive than five cormorant. It regularly feeds on pheasant and is capable of spending its entire life by whimsical creeks. 

Animal: WALTER 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the walrus and the otter.  
Description: The walter is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of bison. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the cat and lives by dank exotic dungeons. 

Animal: WALUPINE 
Origin: A marriage between the wallaby and the porcupine.  
Description: The walupine is is over all squishier than the male barracuda. It is a parasite of the worm and is likely to be found alongside vast and favorable trundle beds. 

Animal: WALWT 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the wallaby and the newt.  
Description: The walwt is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent mule. It lives on the waste of the hawk and can be found around grim holes in the ground. 

Animal: WAMITE 
Origin: A marriage between the wasp and the termite.  
Description: The wamite is fifty times larger than the standard giant panda. It can be far more intimidating than an elder lark and is known to frequent fluorescent crypts. 

Animal: WAOG 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the wasp and the frog.  
Description: The waog is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature otter. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of donkey and breeds in dank underwater bunkers. 

Animal: WAROACH 
Origin: A marriage between the wasp and the cockroach.  
Description: The waroach is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent raccoon. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the dove and breeds in freezing creeks. 

Animal: WATER CK 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the water buffalo and the duck.  
Description: The water ck is is over all squishier than the male oryx. It can swallow a whole aardvark and is known to frequent stinky shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: WATER DOG 
Origin: A marriage between the water buffalo and the dog.  
Description: The water dog is more massive than five rabbit. It regularly feeds on dinosaur and lives by sour smelling moss patties. 

Animal: WATER DOG 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the water buffalo and the dog.  
Description: The water dog is sometimes found towering over even the tallest crane. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of gerbil and breeds in windblown shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: WATER HILLA 
Origin: A hybrid of the water buffalo and the chinchilla.  
Description: The water hilla is fifty times larger than the standard dog. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of jellyfish and is known to frequent lime scented rivers. 

Animal: WATER ILLA 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the water buffalo and the gorilla.  
Description: The water illa is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown quail. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of dolphin and can only survive in the proximity of whimsical underground dwellings. 

Animal: WATER LOPE 
Origin: A mashup between the water buffalo and the antelope.  
Description: The water lope is more massive than five pigeon. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the grouse and can be found around humid creeks. 

Animal: WATER MUR 
Origin: A marriage between the water buffalo and the lemur.  
Description: The water mur is sometimes found towering over even the tallest cormorant. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of locust and is capable of spending its entire life by vast and favorable rivers. 

Animal: WATER NT SEAL 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the water buffalo and the elephant seal.  
Description: The water nt seal is is over all squishier than the male goldfinch. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty narwhal and is likely to be found alongside vast and favorable shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: WATER PILLAR 
Origin: A mashup between the water buffalo and the caterpillar.  
Description: The water pillar is more massive than five flamingo. It regularly feeds on okapi and lives by tepid creeks. 

Animal: WATER RK 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the water buffalo and the lark.  
Description: The water rk is sometimes found towering over even the tallest anteater. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of gerbil and is likely to be found alongside grim crypts. 

Animal: WATER UNK 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the water buffalo and the skunk.  
Description: The water unk is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of nightingale. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of red deer and is known to frequent gross but not altogether repulsive underground dwellings. 

Animal: WATROSS 
Origin: A marriage between the wasp and the albatross.  
Description: The watross is fifty times larger than the standard coyote. It finds solace in the den of the okapi and can only survive in the proximity of vast and favorable oceans. 

Animal: WEABRA 
Origin: A hybrid of the weasel and the zebra.  
Description: The weabra is is not quite as big as a baby goldfish. It regularly feeds on woodpecker and is capable of spending its entire life by salty rivers. 

Animal: WEAEEL 
Origin: A mashup between the weasel and the eel.  
Description: The weaeel is bigger than your average fish. It finds solace in the den of the stingray and is likely to be found alongside humid exotic dungeons. 

Animal: WEAKEY 
Origin: A mashup between the weasel and the turkey.  
Description: The weakey is fifty times larger than the standard rhinoceros. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty duck and lives by gross but not altogether repulsive riverbeds. 

Animal: WEANCH 
Origin: A mashup between the weasel and the finch.  
Description: The weanch is more massive than five lyrebird. It can make a sound like a koala and will find a home in and around vast and favorable creeks. 

Animal: WEAOWL 
Origin: A marriage between the weasel and the owl.  
Description: The weaowl is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent goat. It lives on the waste of the wombat and is known to frequent vast and favorable underwater bunkers. 

Animal: WEASTER 
Origin: A hybrid of the weasel and the hamster.  
Description: The weaster is more massive than five crane. It can swallow a whole badger and will only thrive in windblown underground dwellings. 

Animal: WHGLE 
Origin: A mashup between the whale and the eagle.  
Description: The whgle is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature barracuda. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the porpoise and is likely to be found alongside murky trundle beds. 

Animal: WHLE 
Origin: A hybrid of the whale and the mule.  
Description: The whle is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of boar. It is a parasite of the antelope and is capable of spending its entire life by cold creeks. 

Animal: WHPIG 
Origin: A mashup between the whale and the pig.  
Description: The whpig is fifty times larger than the standard cod. It can be far more intimidating than an elder heron and lives by windblown rivers. 

Animal: WHSP 
Origin: A marriage between the whale and the wasp.  
Description: The whsp is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent crane. It can swallow a whole dragonfly and can be found around humid bogs. 

Animal: WHUAR 
Origin: A hybrid of the whale and the jaguar.  
Description: The whuar is fifty times larger than the standard hare. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of leopard and is likely to be found alongside cold trundle beds. 

Animal: WOBIRD 
Origin: A marriage between the worm and the lyrebird.  
Description: The wobird is smaller than a typical turkey. It can make a sound like a skunk and can be found around grim exotic dungeons. 

Animal: WODEER 
Origin: A marriage between the worm and the reindeer.  
Description: The wodeer is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent fox. It is a parasite of the caribou and can be found around gross but not altogether repulsive underground dwellings. 

Animal: WOEON 
Origin: A mashup between the wolf and the pigeon.  
Description: The woeon is is not quite as big as a baby crab. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of seahorse and is known to frequent freezing riverbeds. 

Animal: WOICAN 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the wolf and the pelican.  
Description: The woican is sometimes found towering over even the tallest wombat. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the snail and is capable of spending its entire life by humid holes in the ground. 

Animal: WOLARD 
Origin: A marriage between the worm and the mallard.  
Description: The wolard is more massive than five hummingbird. It regularly feeds on yak and can be found around tepid underground dwellings. 

Animal: WOLF 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the worm and the wolf.  
Description: The wolf is bigger than your average opossum. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single cobra and breeds in gross but not altogether repulsive oceans. 

Animal: WOLLOW 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the wolf and the swallow.  
Description: The wollow is is not quite as big as a baby emu. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single pig and can only survive in the proximity of whimsical seashores. 

Animal: WOLVACA 
Origin: A marriage between the wolverine and the alpaca.  
Description: The wolvaca is is not quite as big as a baby termite. It can be far more intimidating than an elder grouse and is capable of spending its entire life by grim rivers. 

Animal: WOLVAD 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the wolverine and the toad.  
Description: The wolvad is is not quite as big as a baby okapi. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty goose and lives by dank trundle beds. 

Animal: WOLVALE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the wolverine and the whale.  
Description: The wolvale is is not quite as big as a baby mule. It eats shrimp and is known to frequent tepid exotic dungeons. 

Animal: WOLVGER 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the wolverine and the tiger.  
Description: The wolvger is sometimes found towering over even the tallest bee. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of buffalo and will find a home in and around windblown creeks. 

Animal: WOLVGLE 
Origin: A marriage between the wolverine and the eagle.  
Description: The wolvgle is similar in size to the lobster. It lives on the waste of the scorpion and will find a home in and around tepid trundle beds. 

Animal: WOLVLORIS 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the wolverine and the slow loris.  
Description: The wolvloris is sometimes found towering over even the tallest opossum. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of louse and can only survive in the proximity of humid crypts. 

Animal: WOMA FOWL 
Origin: A hybrid of the wombat and the guinea fowl.  
Description: The woma fowl is similar in size to the mink. It can make a sound like a koala and breeds in humid underwater bunkers. 

Animal: WOMAIL 
Origin: A mashup between the wombat and the quail.  
Description: The womail is fifty times larger than the standard oryx. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of lobster and lives by damp underwater bunkers. 

Animal: WOMCOON 
Origin: A hybrid of the wombat and the raccoon.  
Description: The womcoon is sometimes found towering over even the tallest buffalo. It regularly feeds on gull and is known to frequent humid holes in the ground. 

Animal: WOMHOPPER 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the wombat and the grasshopper.  
Description: The womhopper is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of locust. It can be far more intimidating than an elder duck and breeds in tepid bogs. 

Animal: WOMKEY 
Origin: A hybrid of the wombat and the turkey.  
Description: The womkey is is over all squishier than the male sandpiper. It eats narwhal and can only survive in the proximity of windblown oceans. 

Animal: WOMNT SEAL 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the wombat and the elephant seal.  
Description: The womnt seal is fifty times larger than the standard octopus. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of seahorse and breeds in dank underwater bunkers. 

Animal: WOMOK 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the wombat and the rook.  
Description: The womok is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown turkey. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty flamingo and is capable of spending its entire life by grim crypts. 

Animal: WOMPION 
Origin: A marriage between the wombat and the scorpion.  
Description: The wompion is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent mouse. It can make a sound like a guinea fowl and can be found around cold riverbeds. 

Animal: WOMPIR 
Origin: A hybrid of the wombat and the tapir.  
Description: The wompir is is not quite as big as a baby flamingo. It can make a sound like a shark and is capable of spending its entire life by stinky rivers. 

Animal: WOMSH 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the wombat and the fish.  
Description: The womsh is bigger than your average oryx. It can swallow a whole hare and is known to frequent sour smelling seashores. 

Animal: WOMSP 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the wombat and the wasp.  
Description: The womsp is bigger than your average bat. It lives on the waste of the deer and can only survive in the proximity of stinky exotic dungeons. 

Animal: WONGBIRD 
Origin: A mashup between the worm and the hummingbird.  
Description: The wongbird is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature panther. It lives on the waste of the ostrich and can only survive in the proximity of salty exotic dungeons. 

Animal: WOODER 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the woodcock and the deer.  
Description: The wooder is fifty times larger than the standard ape. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single hummingbird and is likely to be found alongside grim trundle beds. 

Animal: WOODERINE 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the woodcock and the wolverine.  
Description: The wooderine is sometimes found towering over even the tallest guinea fowl. It finds solace in the den of the ostrich and can be found around grim creeks. 

Animal: WOODPAFFE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the woodpecker and the giraffe.  
Description: The woodpaffe is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of spider. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty leopard and will find a home in and around fluorescent moss patties. 

Animal: WOODPAIL 
Origin: A marriage between the woodpecker and the snail.  
Description: The woodpail is fifty times larger than the standard water buffalo. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of armadillo and will only thrive in murky riverbeds. 

Animal: WOODPCOCK 
Origin: A hybrid of the woodpecker and the woodcock.  
Description: The woodpcock is is thinner but bulkier than a couple of goose. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of hamster and is capable of spending its entire life by grim shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: WOODPFLY 
Origin: A marriage between the woodpecker and the fly.  
Description: The woodpfly is similar in size to the stingray. It can make a sound like a wasp and is known to frequent freezing riverbeds. 

Animal: WOODPILLA 
Origin: A mashup between the woodpecker and the gorilla.  
Description: The woodpilla is is not quite as big as a baby partridge. It lives on the waste of the jackal and breeds in vast and favorable shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: WOODPMAN 
Origin: A marriage between the woodpecker and the human.  
Description: The woodpman is fifty times larger than the standard heron. It regularly feeds on chinchilla and breeds in stinky shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: WOODPNGBIRD 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the woodpecker and the hummingbird.  
Description: The woodpngbird is is over all squishier than the male grouse. It lives on the waste of the buffalo and is capable of spending its entire life by damp oceans. 

Animal: WOODPRET 
Origin: A marriage between the woodpecker and the ferret.  
Description: The woodpret is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature mosquito. It eats clam and breeds in stinky holes in the ground. 

Animal: WOODRICH 
Origin: A mashup between the woodcock and the ostrich.  
Description: The woodrich is more massive than five oyster. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of heron and lives by cold trundle beds. 

Animal: WOODTURE 
Origin: A mashup between the woodcock and the vulture.  
Description: The woodture is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature elephant. It lives on the waste of the hamster and can be found around cold holes in the ground. 

Animal: WOODUSE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the woodcock and the louse.  
Description: The wooduse is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent caterpillar. It can swallow a whole albatross and will find a home in and around murky riverbeds. 

Animal: WOODWHAL 
Origin: A hybrid of the woodcock and the narwhal.  
Description: The woodwhal is bigger than your average ram. It regularly feeds on camel and will find a home in and around grim underground dwellings. 

Animal: WOOSE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the worm and the goose.  
Description: The woose is is not quite as big as a baby jaguar. It finds solace in the den of the camel and will find a home in and around dank underwater bunkers. 

Animal: WOTER 
Origin: A marriage between the wolf and the otter.  
Description: The woter is fifty times larger than the standard mallard. It eats mink and can be found around fluorescent oceans. 

Animal: WOUITO 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the worm and the mosquito.  
Description: The wouito is much smaller than an average monkey. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of heron and will find a home in and around damp oceans. 

Animal: WRAM 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the wren and the clam.  
Description: The wram is bigger than your average crane. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of owl and will find a home in and around tepid rivers. 

Animal: WRIE DOG 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the wren and the prairie dog.  
Description: The wrie dog is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown hornet. It regularly feeds on eagle and will only thrive in dank holes in the ground. 

Animal: WRJAY 
Origin: A marriage between the wren and the jay.  
Description: The wrjay is more massive than five slow loris. It can be far more intimidating than an elder slow loris and lives by salty crypts. 

Animal: WRODILE 
Origin: A mashup between the wren and the crocodile.  
Description: The wrodile is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown pheasant. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty goldfish and will only thrive in humid moss patties. 

Animal: WRPHIN 
Origin: The result of an odd pairing between the wren and the dolphin.  
Description: The wrphin is much smaller than an average lyrebird. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single herring and is known to frequent sour smelling underground dwellings. 

Animal: WRTHER 
Origin: A marriage between the wren and the panther.  
Description: The wrther is more massive than five donkey. It can swallow a whole goose and can only survive in the proximity of stinky underwater bunkers. 

Animal: YAKAR 
Origin: A marriage between the yak and the boar.  
Description: The yakar is is not quite as big as a baby rook. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty hornet and is likely to be found alongside freezing crypts. 

Animal: YAKBRA 
Origin: A hybrid of the yak and the cobra.  
Description: The yakbra is fifty times larger than the standard anteater. It enjoys killing and eating large numbers of pony and is capable of spending its entire life by damp trundle beds. 

Animal: YAKCEROS 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the yak and the rhinoceros.  
Description: The yakceros is sometimes found towering over even the tallest badger. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty turtle and will find a home in and around dank shampoo bottles and other human detritus. 

Animal: YAKFISH 
Origin: A mashup between the yak and the dogfish.  
Description: The yakfish is is over all squishier than the male elephant. It lives on the waste of the gnat and breeds in dank underground dwellings. 

Animal: YAKSP 
Origin: A marriage between the yak and the wasp.  
Description: The yaksp is fifty times larger than the standard shrew. It is a parasite of the locust and will find a home in and around damp rivers. 

Animal: YAKTURE 
Origin: A hybrid of the yak and the vulture.  
Description: The yakture is fifty times larger than the standard crab. It regularly feeds on butterfly and is known to frequent lime scented bogs. 

Animal: ZEANT 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the zebra and the ant.  
Description: The zeant is is over all squishier than the male oryx. It sustains itself on the shed skin of local groups of coyote and will only thrive in stinky creeks. 

Animal: ZEBEE 
Origin: A hybrid of the zebra and the bee.  
Description: The zebee is about three times shorter but five times as wide as a mature shark. It is a parasite of the pelican and will find a home in and around grim crypts. 

Animal: ZEBRA 
Origin: A hybrid of the zebra and the zebra.  
Description: The zebra is often found to grow taller than the height of six full grown seal. It can live for years on the dandruff shed by a single mule and is capable of spending its entire life by damp exotic dungeons. 

Animal: ZECKEN 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the zebra and the chicken.  
Description: The zecken is is over all squishier than the male alligator. It finds solace in the den of the oyster and is likely to be found alongside whimsical riverbeds. 

Animal: ZELABY 
Origin: A mashup between the zebra and the wallaby.  
Description: The zelaby is much smaller than an average ferret. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the goose and is capable of spending its entire life by dank seashores. 

Animal: ZEODILE 
Origin: A hybrid of the zebra and the crocodile.  
Description: The zeodile is is rounder but not quite as cute as an adolescent eel. It lives on the waste of the crow and can be found around grim bogs. 

Animal: ZEOSE 
Origin: A marriage between the zebra and the moose.  
Description: The zeose is more massive than five turtle. It likes to carouse with groups of animals closely related to the rhinoceros and is likely to be found alongside vast and favorable crypts. 

Animal: ZERSE 
Origin: The result of repeated romantic encounters between the zebra and the horse.  
Description: The zerse is sometimes found towering over even the tallest guinea fowl. It is a fantastic mimic of the mighty wren and is known to frequent freezing rivers. 
